__label__1 The Backup Plan: Summer reading that does not require much from the reader. I found the plot unbelievable ~ would a guy wait for you for 10 years? They had not even kept in touch as friends! The romance was too predictable. And treatment for PTSD is a far cry from what was described in this story. I skimmed through a good part of this book just to say I finished it. It simply did not hold my interest.
__label__1 would not work with verizon card: I tried to get two of these to work with the Verizon pc5750 card without success even after updating the software. I ended up buying the Linksyswireless-g router for mobile broadband (wrt54g3g-vn)which works well and was priced less. The Linksys did require a software update from the Linksys website.
__label__2 A Profound Journey!: Lumari's book, Akashic Records, opened a new way for me to connect with greater wisdom. I immediately felt I was listening to a more intimate conversation with the Keepers of the Akashic. While some books try to explain how to access information from the Akashic, Lumari speaks about the collective itself. In this way, I could feel the energies of the Collective and how they perceive the universe and how they gather the information of life. I felt like I was invited into the Akashic - to listen, to learn and to understand.This book is very interesting and opens a whole new conversation that brought deeper meaning and possibility into my own awareness. The energy quality of this book is excellent! The meditation in this book is a profound journey into greater wisdom and spirit. I highly recommend this book and Lumari's other book, Alawashka, too!
__label__1 No relief!: The product information says that it takes at least 30 days for this product to work. At 24 days, I was still removing at least 10 fleas from my dog, per day - the same as before I started using Flea Away. I can't believe that 6 more days would have made any difference. And although the many high-dose B vitamins in the tablets are water soluble (i.e., if the dog gets more than she needs, her body will get rid of it without toxicity), the Vitamin E is not water soluble. Vitamin E can increase bleeding risk and I was a bit worried about my little dog receiving too much of this vitamin. I stopped the pills at 24 days with no relief in sight.
__label__1 good for fur bad for keping fleas off: the product did make my pets fur softer but did nothing as far as a flea repellent.
__label__1 Alterate time-line for the Marvel mob: Niel Gaiman has created some amazing illustrated fiction, the kind that combines literate storytelling with masterful artwork. I regret that 1602 is not part of that ouvre.If you're a dedicated fan of the X-Men, Nick Fury, Drs. Strange and Doom, the Fantastic Four, and Marvel's other standards, you may well enjoy seeing them all transplanted into the early seventeenth century. I'm afraid that I outgrew my interest in those characters some time back. For me, this looked less like an exploration of the comic medium and more like a mechanical attempt to inject novelty into franchises that desperately need it.If the usual Marvel crowd holds your attention, then go ahead, enjoy. You'll probably find a lot to like here. My interests have moved on.//wiredweird
__label__2 No better graphic novel for fans of Marvel and History: By placing some of the best loved Marvel heroes into a historic setting, Gaiman has crafted not only a work of art but also a wonderful playground for some familiar faces to play within.I'll admit, as a Neil Gaiman fan and as a Marvel fan, I was predestined to like this work. If you are either of these things, this is a no-brainer purchase. But even if you are a casual comic fan or simply a fan of good stories, this will be an excellent read and well worth the cover price.It would be difficult to review specifics without ruining something. Suffice to say, some of the best moments come from what would be considered normal events in the Marvel universe and how they are interpreted for the 17th century. I should also mention the artwork is incredible and on par with current comic masterpieces. If all you know is the art that appeared in comics in the eighties, you will relish in this advancement.
__label__1 work but with some effort: the plastic material is too stiff. i have to put a little more work to get them fit on the cans.
__label__1 I didn't buy these....NOTE TO THOSE LOOKING....: I actually bought Petking lids (four pack in colors with paws and tabs) on Ebay. The answer I was looking for was no where to be found. Petking lids said they fit 32 oz and 16 oz cans...which was also no help when I needed them for 5.5 oz Cat Food cans. But...I did find someone to tell me that the lids I bought fit 3 5/8 cans; which is the 5.5 oz size. SO...if you are looking for lids for cat food in the 5.5 oz size Petking can covers Will Work!! : )
__label__2 Whoah...: This is my favorite movie, it is so awesome. the fire is really cool, the sound is better, and the band just rocks! For all you people who are afraid to buy the video bcuz of the buck dich scene, i must say - I am 100 % straight and the buck dich thing was the funniest i ever saw, i was laughing for a week. so buy it already! u wont regret it!
__label__2 Rammstein Rocks: Never saw Rammstein in whole concert before- only thier videos and one live concert clip where they did some pretty crazy things so i was suprised when i saw this- it was more toned down than i was expecting but still pretty cool with thier flame throwers and pyrotechnics. I dont speak or know that much german but even though i dont know everthing they are saying it still rocked. Heres a review of the songs.1.Speil mit fir-4.2 stars out of 52.Herzeleid-4 out of 53.Bestrafe mich-3.9 out of 54.Weiss Fleisch-4 stars5.Sehnsucht- 4 stars6.Asche zu asche-3.5 stars7.wilder wein- 3 stars8.klavier- 4 stars9.heirate mich-3.5 stars10.du reichst so gut-3 stars11.Du hast- 5 stars/awesome song12.Engel- 4 stars13.Rammstein-4.5 stars14.tier-3.5 stars15.laichzeit- 4 stars16.wollt ihr das bet in flammen sehen?3.5 stars17.seeman-4 starsOverall 4 out of 5 star dvd including sound , picture, songs and concert. Recomended for any rammstein fan or fan of metal.
__label__1 read Professor Sherwood's - " Vindication - a Novel": In my opinion a better conceptualization Of Mary Wollstonecraft'sLife, Ideas, and Experinences is author: Frances SherwoodTile: Vindication.However the Gordon book is an adequate read
__label__2 Good resource: I don't actually own this book, but I took it out from the library and enjoyed reading it. The author, who lived in Angola for several years, did a good job of explaining the history of Angola and its people from the first contact with the Portuguese up until the independence. The book explains many of the conflicts Angola has suffered and continues to suffer as a result of colonialism, ethnolinguistic clashes, and the conflict of African and european nationalisms. A good resource for information on how the April 25 Movement in Portugal related to the independence of Angola.
__label__2 whimsical "Life with Father" set in Tuscany: Frank Schaeffer is great. I realize many think the book is an unfair jab at his family, but speaking from an objective standpoint, the book is damn funny. I grew up in a similar situation, though much less tragic, in Northeastern Italy, and Schaeffer's depiction of the Italian coastal town is beautiful. He correctly identifies the struggles and interchanges that take place in a fundamentalist Christian home overseas. I do not think I have read a more accurate depiction of being thirteen, in a missionary family, in Italy, and in love. It was a great read.
__label__1 ugly shoes: These shoes are comfortable at first but after four hours of dancing, my feet were hurting me, i cant even walk. They are not as cute as the picture either,I was going to return it the first time it came but i dont have the time . Its really ugly, my husband said no no. return it.
__label__1 Not Too Great: I personally think there was only one really hot woman in the entire thing. SO much for my expectations.
__label__2 GOOD: good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good
__label__2 Fantastic Book: I am currently engaged and planning to be married very soon and soon after hope to have children of my own. This is a very inspiring book that gives you a lot to think about on how you might want to raise you kids. It goes through some of her experiences and teaches lesson along the way(great laughs). I have never taken the time to write a review before, but this one is worth it.
__label__1 sounds more like l.a. metal: The track Wanted Man sure sound like an L.A. hair metal act, listen to those vocals. They sound much better on Thunderstruck, Riding Free which is more in the vein of euro-metal.Don't be fooled by their Denmark stamp.
__label__1 Bad Bad Bad: I had never read a Walter Kirn book before and saw this one at a local bookstore and it looked interesting and it seemed interesting based on what I read standing there. When I got home and started reading it, I was very disappointed.I was so confused and upset because of my confusion that I had a real hard time reading this book. After I finished it, I said "that is the worst book I have ever read."Please don't waste your time or money!
__label__1 Nothingness: I wasted $8.00.Rambling writing going nowhere. Expect to see this book as a prop in bookcases at discount furniture stores and in new model homes.If you happen to see the movie it's obvious the screenwriter(s) didn't think much of it either. The plot is similar to the book in only the broadest sense.The author probably doesn't care how his novel was adapted, for the popularity of the movie has likely attracted more suckers like me to buy the book.
__label__1 Platinum Disappointment: Up in the Air is perhaps the best written awful book I've ever read. Walter Kirn assembles words well, and he's an astute observer of some aspects of frequent traveling. But the story never reaches a comfortable cruising altitude. There's nothing likeable about Ryan Bingham, his seatmates, the woman he occasionally sleeps with, or the family he grew up with. The several weak plots badly woven throughout the book made me feel like I was sitting on a plane, overhearing parts of several conversations, none of which I cared about. As it droned on like the engine of a 767, it was clear the book had no flight plan.A few pages of this sad, cynical tale might have made a good essay; maybe a few pages more could have been spun into a readable short story. But a novel it's not. And the tired little book certainly isn't worthy of all the publicity it's receiving.
__label__1 Smug and tedious novel.: Like many other reviewers, I saw the movie first, liked it, and was interested in reading the book. What a disappointment. I found it pretentious and boring. I wasn't interested in any of the characters, all of whom blended for me since they spoke in the same forced dialogue. The whole book felt like the author was showing off but to no effect. I think you could read something like Twilight 10 times and it wouldn't get as boring as this novel the first time.
__label__1 Dark Forces 2 Good, Mysteries of Sith Bad: The Dark Forces may be the best first-person action video game, but it gets Marred by MOS. It was too easy to kill myself in MOS simply by force jumping. I died a hundred times because there was something overhead when I jumped. Once I died because I jumped straight up, but took damage from the fall. Another time I was on this ledge and couldn't get back up--every time I jumped, I would bounce off the wall and die. When I went to several web sites to get help on how to get off that ledge, the best that I could find was 'it is tricky' to get off the ledge. After dying several hundred times I got bored and quit. I've never gone back.
__label__2 Wild About THIS Book: I love this book and my son loves this book - but I probably love it more. The librarian accidently? drives the bookmobile into the zoo and before you know it the animals are reading. The rhythm flows nicely and it's clever and the pictures are charming. Big thumbs up!
__label__2 Great book for ages 4-7: We read this for my daughter's kindergarten book club. It was SO cute! What a great way to get kids excited about reading. The references to great classic children's book and literature enriches an already fun story. Kids will love to see how the animals at the zoo take to reading. Very cute!
__label__2 Do the job very well: These barstools are an excellent value for the price! Easy to set up and they sit very well. We have them for 4 weeks now and use them a lot.
__label__2 flawless: this book is worth the $. It describes the concepts perfectly, concisely for the intermediate/advanced student of Spanish to the language's nuances without causing the reader to reach for the dictionary several times over one page. It reviews: how & where consonants are pronounced, vowel sounds, accentuation, plenty of definitions (sonoridad vs sorda, espirantizacion, lenicion, etc) within the first two chapters. The following chapters address la formacion verbal, la formacion nominal y adjetival, formacion pronomial, el lexico: diferencias semanticas, tiempos verbales, y los modos verbales: indicativo y subjuntivo. Whether you're a seasoned veteran with Spanish, or still learning, this book is the best on the market regardless of it being older than a few others. The one drawback is that it does NOT use international phonetic symbols, but anyone with some light familiarity with the international symbols will be able to crack this book in no time.
__label__2 Well researched: My wife and I helped Rob with some of the research for the book while we were living on the island of Raiatea in 1994. Most travel writers can only spend a little time actually checking out places to stay and eat. With the research that we were able to do, the reader of this book can be assured that the information hotels, pensions and restaurants on Huahine, Raiatea, Tahaa and Maupiti are not only accurate but informed by our personal experiences during a stay of several months.
__label__1 Yummy Pictures, Unreliable Recipes: I finally got the book after waiting for a month. The food in the photos all looked so delicious that it made me drool. I was eager to try out the recipes and I thought I start with the Raddish Cake. To my horror, the instructions were unclear! The author did not mention what to do with the raddish! Luckily, I had another book which has a perfect recipe for it. A few days later, I thought I try the Crystal Duck Dumplings and although I followed the instructions perfectly, the dough did not turn out well at all. I think it would be a long time before I would ever try any of the recipes again. Maybe I am just not good at making dim sum.
__label__2 i llllloooooovvveeeeeeeee this book and i am 12: i love to read long books and novels but i have to say even though this book is for ages 4-8 i love this book and i am 12 so whho really cares how long it is this is a ssupense filled awsome that you will love love love love love love times 100,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000
__label__2 I Certainly Didn't See THAT coming.........: I don't read much fiction so when I find a book I that really holds my attention like "Temporary Sanity" did, I take special note.The whole book was woven together very well - I enjoyed each character - even the ones who were created especially so we would be frustrated with them.Marty is very likeable as the able and highly intuitive defense attorney with a heart. I can imagine the small firm she works in is actually a positive place to hang your hat. (This must be fiction *smiling*.)Not only is the writing thoroughly engaging and entertaining, the subject matter is one we can all relate to - in all its horrifying glory.What worked especially well was the ending. I had no clue what was coming. I love when I am taken by surprise like this - kudos to Rose Connors for pulling off such a delightful conclusion.
__label__1 mischaracterised internal page conditions: purchased used very good (former library) book, stated as one of best former library books. Book's outside was 'good' not very good. The inside pages were smeared with dried debris, foods, markings, etc. worst used book I ever bought
__label__2 Brilliant yet readible!: A masterfully written origins of tantric sexual practicewritten by a professor who does not place himself above his readers.A well researched technical history!!!
__label__1 Almost........: The first thing that one must say when reviewing Legally Blond is that the screenwriter(s) for the movie are more talented the Ms Brown. I liked the book on some levels. The plot kept me interested but the writing was not exactly wonderful. At the first page I realized this and wondered if it would be the same the whole way through. It was. The only way to describe the writing is as slightly childish. Even though parts of it were good I could not recommend it. (To all those reading this who loved the book sorry. I always get really angry when someone bashes a book I loved).
__label__2 Wonderful book: A treasure! I absolutely love this book about my parents' home. Anyone interested in history and legends should get this book.
__label__1 Could have been better: This was an interesting book. The writing (and editing) weren't really that great, but I was expecting a bit more substance.The author gave an overview of mercenary operations over an extended period of history and then gave relatively short shrift to current operations, particulalry in Iraq, where PMC's (Private Military Companies) are making sinful amounts of money out of the ongoing debacle in Iraq.The author doesn't appear to have an agenda with this book, other than to get published and make money the sad thing is that with a little more homework and fact checking, he could have done something special.
__label__1 Hack job: This book is poorly researched, and in my opinion, poorly written.You would think that because of Fred Rosen's background as an investigative reporter he would have done an in depth investigation of his subject matter. This is not the case.His retelling of the war in Angola is so full of errors and omissions that I don't know why he bothered.Mr. Rosen - next time leave it to Anthony Mockler.
__label__1 Quicken forces users to upgrade: Very dissatisfied Intuit forces users to upgrade software to retain the existing service levels. This is due to their "discontinuation policy", which ironically will force me to discontinue being their customer. I will not upgrade.
__label__1 Worst Version of Quicken ...........EVER!!!!!!!: I have used Quicken since the DOS versions, this one is the worst! You cannot change any colors, period, end of discussion! You cannot remove unused, useless toolbars/frames, period, end of discussion! You will have to call tech support! You will have to endure repeated uninstalls/reinstalls! Download a trial version before you upgrade, if you can't configure it the way you want, delete it and move on!
__label__2 Excellent game: Good graphics, good plot, decent puzzles. I pull it out every few months and go through the whole thing again. It never gets boring. The extra missions that can be downloaded from Lucasarts are really good, too.
__label__2 Fun -- but could be better: This game is a great game for people who enjoy basic "blast the bad guys into oblivion" setup. The levels are intriguing and all very unique, but some can get very boring after a while of running around trying to find some hidden door that does nothing other than allow you to get to the next level. But there are good aspects to the game such as --i think-- 9 different types of weapons to choose from, along with great and funny sounds to go along with them. Buy it if you like, but beware, there are a lot of time wasting stages to go through, so if you are buying for pure enjoyment and not time wasting, be careful--get some cheats to let you skip levels or something..
__label__2 Best eye drops!: I tend to wake up with dry, goopy eyes, and these mixed with the allergy drops completely fix the problem. My eyes aren't dry and they don't itch. I would much prefer to by these, for 14 dollars for the two of them then spend 25 dollars on a copay for prescription ones that are only .25 ounces. I love that they are natural. They don't burn or sting like some of the other OTC eye drops. I recommend them completely.
__label__1 Works but expires 7 days or something after opened!: If i known this expires a week after opening i would of not bought it! It might be earlier then 7 days not sure but i was pretty upset i wasted $8 to put drops in once! If they expire this short of a time make it little packets or something what a waste of a product.... I bought this thinking if it comes back i can use it again later and makes up for the high price. Also the box is also different what false advertising this product is! So much lies and hidden info not mentioned.
__label__2 Great a/c for a small price.: Iwas plesantly suprised how well the unit cools my large bedroom.The de-humidefier cycle works great itmakes the air feel lite and fresh.The thermostat works properly and the unit was relatively easy to install.I can't imagine thatanother unit for twice the price would be any better.
__label__1 Compressor works but no freon in system 5 year warrany on sealed system where?: Tried manufacture got hung up on then now told this is the old model the new one is like a aes3105. Frigeration Tech looked and turned on unit only saying it has a system leak or freon not installed, so it will not get cold. Now maybe because it's a older model we can not get a replacement from seller maybe because it was a older model setting around and thus reason for problem in the first place. Now I had a guy install unit modify window to fit their unit and can not get warrantied as maker only changes smaller units out. Seller will not replace with current model aes3105 even though unit they sold me is defective and non-functional couple years old according to maker of units. It will only blow warm air nothing close to cold with out freon. Maker said unit is a couple year older model and they will only exchange it a 4 week process in the middle of coming summer in OK. Sucks
__label__2 Exactly what I needed for my class: Perfect condition. Used it for Devry sociology class. The class itself used the book 50% and class readings 50%. The book met all of my needs.
__label__1 all talk, no data: A couple of good articles on primer testing but otherwise this book was almost devoid of any data. It was just a few guys sitting around talking. I regret buying it.
__label__2 Excellent!: This is an excellent guide for the young horse owner. Our daughter just got her first horse and this guide will teach her much about caring for her horse.
__label__2 danger: This book is a great book to read because it is adventurous. This book is about a gril that gets her fortune told.The fortune teller tells her that her brother is in trouble.So she sets out to find her little brother.On the way she has an adventure and some trouble. If you want to read an adventurous book you should definitely pick this book.
__label__2 Found it by chance, opened my eyes to male sexuality: I could not put this book down for a minute and I could not beleive that a male author could write so eloqently, sexually and emotionally, about his love for women. The novel was very moving and I'm looking for other books by Butler with erotic themes.
__label__2 Butler is a writer to watch: The protagonist of this wonderful novel is by no means a misogynist. He is a man who truly loves women, and as we learn of his past loves, we are blessed with a paen to the many ways men cherish women. Butler possesses a fantastic eye, and THEY WHISPER is a kaleidoscope of love.
__label__2 Delightful, Delicous, EASY!!!: I just bought this cookbook after a friend's recommendation. A novel concept! The book is divided into 3 flip sections...so you can open it up and BAM! you've got a great dinner menu. The instructions are so easy to follow and the author gives suggestions on which dishes to pair together. I love it!
__label__1 Painfully Bad: I regret to say that this was a boring disappointment, not even anything about which to rant, other than it's astounding suchaverage rehash makes it to a book.
__label__2 great sound: Great sound.. much better than the stock ipod earphones or buds.Knocked off one point because they are slightly too large. The sound more than makes up for the slightly larger size.Considering the price and sound quality they are a steal.
__label__1 Poor: I bought these because my sony earbuds (Fontopoia with bass nipple) I have had for 7 years finally died. These MX 500 retail for $42 here in Aus, and i can say that i was severely dissapointed in the sound quality for the price. How much do i have to pay for a decent sound? must be close to $100 or more, for these flimsy peices of plastic?!!! I am returning them as i expected more from a brand such as sennhheiser. The sound was weak. No presence in the highs or any bass. All nasty mids. These will be the last earbbud style headphones i ever bother with.
__label__1 This went nowhere: After reading so much about the book in the NYT, i was hoping it would pick up at some point, however it didn't. Even at the end when you think it may, it still falters... Sorry, spend your time reading something else.
__label__1 I guess I'm not qualified: This is one of those books reading fans are supposed to like. Critics gave it glowing reviews and it was featured as a notable book of the year for the NYTimes. Unfortunately I found it uninteresting and boring. Plus the main character Misha flat out annoyed me and I was hoping for him to get blown up.I must be missing something or not qualified to read this novel, but to me it an excersise in trying to hard.
__label__2 Belkin ExpressCard: My Ethernet port did not work any longer. I use this computer for my business and cannot afford to be out of commission. I received the Belkin ExpressCard, loaded the driver and was ready to go. It has worked with no incident and at $10 it saved me from purchasing a new computer. It was a win-win all around for me. I had ordered another ExpressCard through Amazon but it was the wrong product. Amazon's return policy is great. The return process was safe, fast and extremely effective. I will definitely continue using Amazon as my first point of contact for future purchases and look at Belkin for any future needs.
__label__2 Belkin Gigabit Ethernet ExpressCard: I just finished installing this Gigabit Ethernet adapter in an aging WinXP Dell laptop connected to our Gigabit wired Ethernet home network, and the super easy install took less that five minutes. The increase in speed over the previous 10/100 Intel Ethernet network adapter was astonishing -- I measured 20 Mb/s download speed from our local Cox IP with our old Dell laptop (that is 2X the download speed with the 10/100 adapter). Only negative I can see is that it appears not to have drivers for Win 7.
__label__2 I like it!: Purchased this for 14-year-old band student. Works great in the Texas heat. No leakage, comfortable to wear, keeps water cool. She gives it 5 stars. Works as well as camelbak at lower price point.
__label__2 sultry noir music: Perfect background music for those of us who love film noir.Sexy,sultry,evocative.Musicians are wonderful,and the audio quality is perfect.So..slip into something more comfortable,and watch for (your) Bogie or Bacall to walk in the door!
__label__2 One of the coolest techno songs ever: If you are looking for a cool techno/trance song then this is definitely one of them. I didn't care too much for the last two mixes but the rest (especially the second track) are great. The first time I heard this song was in the movie Formula 51 during the club sequence. I spent forever trying to find this song but finally found it here on Amazon. Get this cd if not only to get a good song but to burn music from this disk to make your own trance collection (which I did). Buy this, you won't regret it.Also, I recommend to anyone else who likes this music get The Thrillseekers cd Synathaesia. It has the mix used in Formula 51 as well.
__label__2 Classic Warren Miller: Could have done a better job remastering from VHS to DVD. With that being said, it's still classic Warren Miller and as the saying goes "there ain't none better"
__label__2 Case Management Review: This was a required book for a case management class. It was an easy read. It is a good resource book for case managers and for people (like me) who had no prior knowledge of case management. The language and explanations were easy to understand.
__label__2 Great zombie flick: This is a great movie for the zombie buff. it's a serious movie and although I didn't like the end much i thought the ford brothers did an awesome job with it. Great quality production with the slower moving zombies like Romero.A must watch for the zombie fan.
__label__1 Terrible.: The movie had a very basic storyline, and ended on a note that didn't make sense at all. Africa is huge, and the idea that every square inch of this country he is in is swarming with the undead is highly unlikely especially due to the fact that I can low crawl faster than these zombies walk. Parts of this movie are decent but the majority of it sucks. If you want to watch a good zombie flick, click next, try something else. 4/10
__label__2 Actually pretty good!: It is more focused on character than pure action, but it has plenty of action nonetheless. I was entertained and i hope they do a sequel.
__label__1 Really???: Really I know there are alot of Zombie Movies out there but really come on limited bullets so lets shot them Zombies in the belly, leg, arm everywhere but the HEAD the Head is what you need to shot this Movie is no Walking Dead lots of blood and eatting bodys but if you know a blow to the head is what kills them get it done...Big thumbs down
__label__2 a grand conclusion for a classic epic: yes I read others writing that they found it shallow or unrealistic unreasonable etc...but for me I found it thrilling exciting and nail biting.I switches back to Jarad as a focal character and his bonding with an eagle which portends war. Along with another mage from a rival league. Civil war breaks out as an evil ghost takes over the power stone of the mages. In the end a curse is broken that binds the dead mages to this realm.I love the combination of technology and magecraft. High tech verses an agrigarian society. I see the writers soap box platform on saving our old growth forest. I live in the pacific north west and have experienced it a lot and agree.I look forward to his next book. I find him a fascinating writer with thoughtful insight and three deminsional characters. A real flare for style.
__label__2 Eagle-Sage: As the third book in the series, it was good, but not as good as the prior two. There was a certain tenseness missing that had been in the previous books. It was good, though, to finish the story line, and worth the price.
__label__1 Worst Ending ever: This is by far one of the WORST endings I have ever read. The first book may have been good, but Coe failed to expand on any of the magic systems, characters, or subplots that had potential to make this book interesting. The magic system was vague (which is fine for a first novel, but by the conclusion I want some explanation) and unimaginative, as were many of the characters. The book's outcome was extaordinarily predictable. If you have liked this series so far, don't destroy your image with this book.
__label__2 The best money I've spent on music in a while!: I was looking for a nice TMBG compilation to share with my sons (ages 11, 6 and 5) and came across this set- and at a FABULOUS price on Amazon- and am pretty sure it was the best money I've spent on music in a while. Great quality, nice collection of TMBG classics... and my boys have already memorized and are singing along to "Why Does the Sun Shine?" I am a proud, happy mother. :)
__label__1 D.O.A.: The acting lacked a lot in this movie and the plot lacked direction. This is one of those films that could have at one point had potential but fell way short when actually done. I normally enjoy Lucy Liu in films but not this time. It just didn't make the grade and fell way short of my expectations.
__label__1 Save your money! This movie SUCKS!!!!!: This movie was a waste of time...the only thing that made it watchable was Lucy Lui naked...that's it. And whats a Vampire movie with no fangs?
__label__1 Danger--do not buy this product: We bought this tea kettle to match our Friendly Village dish pattern. We especially wanted a whistling tea kettle. Well, it did not whistle. We filled it with water and went about our household business. We were sitting in the next room when we smelled something burning. We rush back to the kitchen. The water had evaporated, the kettle never whistled. Its bottom melted and it ruined the stove heating coil and drip collar. DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT.
__label__2 I Love It: This Is A Realy Great Album By Merle Haggard. For The Fans Of Merle, This Album Is A -Must Have.
__label__2 The Hag is Back: Best vocals I have heard Merle record since the mid-eighties. I thought, due to age, and other elements, that his voice was headed down-hill. I don't know whether his vocals have improved or if he has just learned to sing slightly different to match the change in pitch. In my opinion this album as a whole, contains his best music in twenty years. None of the songs stand-out above the rest, but they are all solid. His past 5-6 studio albums contain 1-2 great songs surrounded by very bland ones. Recent albums may have had good lyrics, but the music doesn't stand up to the standards Merle has set in the past. "Chicago Wind" is an surprisingly wonderful exception to this.It is a shame that most C&W; radio stations will never play any songs that make their listeners think about political, social, economic or environmental issues.
__label__2 Getting over the clouds...: William Kershner is a technical author with a flair for humor that is reminiscent of Samuel Clements. His writings are clear, instructional, and pure reading enjoyment. Bill's latest work, "Logging Flight Time" is a core book for the libraries of true pilots everywhere. It also is a MUST for non-fliers who might like insight into those individuals who lived during an era when aviators were heroes.Kershner's crisp collection of events from his career will appeal to all who have any fascination for the sheer fun and wonder of flight.
__label__1 I'd be humiliated if I was the pilot in this book: The author gives a bad name to professional pilots. The antics of the characters in this book would only appeal to young guys who like to party and drink. Everyone has to start somewhere so maybe the author will improve as he goes along.
__label__1 Perhaps the lowest quality CD ever released?: Could not wait for this CD to arrive at my office, being a huge Duke fan. Popped it in my car CD player on the way home from work. I assumed my CD player or speakers had experienced a total melt-down. The sounds on all tracks were so thin and tinny they sounded like a telephone call. So, I checked this CD on two more players. SURPRISE! It wasn't the hardware, it was the CD. I own thousands of CDs and have never, ever heard a recording this poorly engineered and presented. That sent me back to listen to the Amazon samples. This CD has exactly that same horrible level of recording as the samples. DO NOT BUY THIS CD under any circumstances. It is totally useless, unless you are searching for a new drink coaster.
__label__2 Final Cut Live Rocks: This Cd is worth buying for the Final Cut live,the live version of the song FInal Cut is an expirence not given in many of coheed's other songs, the live version gives you an extened song with more and better solos.
__label__1 Don't be fooled!: Don't be fooled by the well known actors and the Academy Award Nomination. This one is really, really bad. The camera, music and story just float all over the place. Unless you like these surreal type of movies you will be fast asleep within 15-20 minutes.In all fairness I think this is another movie that some will get and others will not get. Seven Psychopaths is a similar type of movie.Maybe this type of movie is for you, but I have no patience for this slow moving type of story.
__label__2 Open Your Mind: Joaquin Phoenix is the main reason I watched this movie. It's his first serious acting role since his whole rap documentary hoax I'm Still Here. (I thought I'm Still Here was pretty ballsy.) And no regrets because Joaquin blew me away. People don't realize his acting depth. Honestly you have to go into this movie with an open mind and free time because it's slower paced. Philip Seymour Hoffman's acting was really phenomenal and passionate as well. This movie is definitely an acquired taste.Go into this movie with the acting in mind, not so much the plot or the cinematography or visuals.
__label__1 Prepare to be bored out of your mind.: We rented this movie because of the Academy Award nominations for Joaquin. He did do great job in that aspect but otherwise the movie is very boring.
__label__1 Joaquin Phoenix is great. The film is terrible.: Director Paul Thomas Anderson once again proves that he is incapable of telling a compelling story.Anderson is great with a camera and Phoenix is seething in his portrayal of an alcoholic wanderer...But there is no story here. The second half of the film is just a boring wasteland of wandering.Awful film.
__label__1 One Star is Generous: Zero stars. I felt compelled to write a review to save people from wasting their time and money on this garbage. I had the misfortune of seeing this movie today with my husband and we both couldn't believe what a horribly written and misogynistic movie this was! Literally people were walking out left and right. The movie attempts to create an engaging storyline that leaves the viewer disgruntled and confused. The ending was flat, like the storyline, and at the end of the movie my husband said, "Well, that was a waste of two hours," and the couple behind us said, "We were just saying the same thing."Save yourself the time, and frustration, and skip this one!
__label__1 FYI This DVD is not very good at all.: I love to dance, so I picked up this video thinking it would be a fun way to work out. Boy was I wrong. Its very boring, it takes them forever to teach you the moves, then you go through it fast paced a few times and you are on to the next one. I used it once, got halfway through and shut it off. I dont know why they would ever describe this as a workout. If i were you I would shell out the extra 5 bucks and get a better fitness DVD.
__label__1 Boring: I am not really athletic person, and I am not in a great shape, recently after pregnancy. I haven't worked out for quite a bit and this work out barely made me sweat. Plus it was quite boring and very repetitive. For person like me any better work out probably would cause some sore muscles, etc, but this did not. If you want fun and little more sweat, I would suggest Carmen Electra's striptease workout. I used disc No 1, it was really much easier to repeat, and I sweat a lot more, and got a little of sore muscles in my legs next day. And Carmen has much better and warmer personality than Robin from PCD.
__label__2 Fun: a very fun work out, it is so much fun you dont realize you are working out. i use this dvd every day
__label__2 PCD Makes You DANCE!: I was skeptical about what this DVD actually had to offer however, now that I have it I couldn't be more happy with my purchase! This DVD teaches you how to loosen up and be cute and playful or a little playfully sexy. The dance choreography is easy to learn and a lot of fun; it's not like some of those other workout DVD's that have you moving in awkward moves that you wouldn't be caught dead doing in front of a mirror much less at a club! You definitely get cardio time and a ton of cute moves from clips of, "Dontcha", "Buttons" and a super cute burlesque piece.
__label__2 22 pounds lost in 4 weeks !: I have read some of the reviews and noticed that some people said it is too slow? let me tell you, this workout is fast paced, unless you're just standing there and berly moving i can see how you wont break a sweat but by the end of the workout my clothes is dripping with sweat. I did this workout for 4 weeks exactly mo- fri and i lost 22 pounds and Im still going to keep doing it. you have to really move like the girls in the video to get results, these girls that don't like the video must not now how to move at all !
__label__2 Love it: Love the sexy moves, great to get your heart pumping and it's empowering! I'm a plus size girl and I enjoy it.
__label__2 Spider-Man 3 Peel & Stick Wall Border: Product delivered fast and it was easy to peel and stick on the wall. Great product for price. No problems with it adhering to the wall and my son loves his spiderman room!
__label__1 Looks really nice, if you can get it to stay in place.: I was very excited to put this border up in my son's room. It took me about 2 hours to get it perfect. We went out for a couple of hours and when I returned home, I went in to the room to check out my handy work, it was all on the floor. I have had other peel and stick and have stayed on. Perhaps I just got 4 bad rolls, or this product just doesn't stick.I was very dissappointed. I gave it one star on appearance. Now I'm nervous about purchasing another peel and stick product.
__label__2 eye pillow doggie: gifted this to a dog lover friend and she LOVED it! only downside was that i'm not sure i had the option to 'gift' this purchase so perhaps my giftee found out how much her christmas gift cost this year!
__label__2 Tres De Cafe Y Dos De Azucar: This cd is one of three recordings that the duo of Pacheco and El Conde made in thier early years while together. It's great like their other albums the Combo do an outstanding job musically. This masterpiece was first released in 1973, but the swing is still there and will have you dancing to its beat. Highly recommend for that swinger in you.
__label__1 a bunch of overated sacriligious garbage: South Park is a show that everyone seems to love. I love Family Guy with its "adult humor" but I seriously found no humor in South Park. I tried to get into it, but all the jokes were lame, stupid, and the characters were annoying with their weird shapes and annoying voices. On top of it, the humor in this show is way over the top and seriously sacriligious. Jesus in a boxing match against the devil getting his but kicked? Come on! The passion of the Jew? This is trash and I'm ashamed that our country enjoys it. So, you know what, give me 0 out of 800 helpful votes because all of you love it but at least, I spoke my thoughts on this awful show.
__label__1 Dissapointed: The tree arrived with a broken base and in really bad shape (have picture to proof it). The bonsai was trimmed to early so during the trip lost its natural beauty. It was a present for a friend and she was obliged to return it due to its bad quality.
__label__2 A straightforward, specialized genealogy reference: World War II Military Records: A Family Historian's Guide is a straightforward, specialized genealogy reference and instructional guide to finding and interpreting key information from military personnel records, casualty reports, WW II draft registrations, burial sites, awards and medals, and more. An excellent tool for anyone interested in genealogy or military research, World War II Military Records is an important addition to both Genealogy and Military Studies reference collections.
__label__1 Incomplete Patterns: There were no top views of any of the many bird patterns in this book.All the fish patterns had top views. I was disappointed and tried to call Al. He provided a phone number in the back of the book and that number was disconnected.If it had top views of the birds like it did for the fish, I would have given it 4 or 5 stars. I carved the catfish and was pleased with how the book walked through that project.I have not carved any of the birds though and that is why I bought this book.
__label__1 disappointed in this one: Didn't like this book as well as the Little Soul and the Sun. As we had a home birth and this book is all about a baby born into the hospital. Also the book ends abruptly, kind of odd.....like there should be another chapter atleast.
__label__2 Very informative and interesting.: Great read for an anthropology class of the late 90s. "The West" and "the rest" are examined well in terms of race and gender.
__label__2 Advance wall clock, 10": I like it. Seems well made. I use it in my shop which gets very cold in the winter and too warm in the summer. So far, no problems with it.
__label__1 The Music is Beyond Repair: With one or two isolated exceptions, these compositions are astonishingly boring. If you purchase the recording anyway, be warned that 22 out of 24 tracks are likely to disappoint.
__label__2 Good Chow: This is one of the best dog food's I have gotten yet.My dog likes it and it is good for him.My Vet. said it is good brand also. Cost a little more,but if I eat the best why shouldn't my dog???
__label__1 incredible fabrications of history: Does she know anything about Japan's wartime history? Just google "Unit 731," the place where her own daddy probably worked at. Is it a pure coincidence that her daddy lived in the area where these despicable, inhuman experiments took place?
__label__2 A reader from, Harare, Zimbabwe, March 28, 1999: I really injoyed this book. I just read it, for class book reading. I found some parts in the book that were very sad, but not sad enough for tears. This book was one of the books that I cant put down. Once I was into the 3 chapter i couldn't stop reading the book. I will never forget that I read this book as a young kid.
__label__2 This book is compelling, realistic, and unforgettable.: This book is compelling, a page-turner, realistic and unforgettable.
__label__2 A Learning Experience: This was a very good book. When I found out later that this book was recommended for children and young adults to read I was very surprised. I'm not sure if a child would be able to take the emotional heartbreak of this story. But, as for adults, it was very informative and touching. I cried when reading some parts and knowing that when you are living it, you cannot just stop living it, you must go on. The writing is exceptional, not sentimental or romanticized like some books. I looked at the world in a new way after reading this. I don't think my struggles can ever be as bad and if they are I know I can handle them if the girl in this story could.
__label__1 Costly piece of Junk!!: My daughter got this from her grandparents for a birthday present. I am not a seamstress, but I know how to set up a sewing machine properly. My daughter spent hours trying to figure this thing out. I managed to get everything set up except for the bobbin area. I managed to snap the thread 6 times and still have not been able to thread it effectively. This really isn't the best machine to be learning on, go to a thrift store and purchase one from there instead or try your local freecycle. I think her grandparents paid $50 CDN, total waste-o-money. We cant even send it back because we mangled the box trying to get to the machine. I give this 0 out of 5 stars, don't waste your money on this mess.
__label__1 hawaiian umbrella tree: This item was very dissappointing, I returned this item and still no one will credit my account, the tree was broke and dead when this arrived!
__label__1 Muppet show: music mayhem and crap!: misrepresented. The sales pitch makes it seem like a dvd, with maybe a few episodes or muppet music videos. But no its a crappy music CD with lame songs that are no fun to listen to without watching them performed. I was way disapointed.
__label__2 class text: bought this book for a class. World economics: history and theory. it is a heavy read and contains good information.
__label__2 The Wealth and Poverty of Nations by Landes: It was one of the most entertaining books I've ever read.The insight and attempt at explaining the causes of wealth creation met with my (limited) understanding of the issue, much more so than Jared Diamond's geographical emphasis.I keep buying copies as a gift for people with a genuine interst in the topic and have not met with any disappointments.
__label__1 A pathetic conclusion to a once-great series.: The first two games in the Monkey Island series were fresh, funny, and inventive. The Curse of Monkey Island is none of these things. Rather, it feels like a harsh and manufactured attempt to recreate what made the first two games so great. It does not succeed. Without Ron Gilbert, and without the slightest idea of what the first two games were about, The Curse of Monkey Island, had it been called something else (as it should have) might have been okay. But its poor graphics, mostly unfunny humor, and theme completely foreign to the series make it a game no fun of the series should bother to play. If you've never heard of Monkey Island before, it may be worth it, but it's not likely.
__label__1 Does not support UPS to power it: If you buy this don't expect to power it with a UPS. I hooked mine up with a APC 1500 UPS with an attached additional battery pack for extended life. When i had the first power outage all went fine until the power came back on and it the UPS switched to utility power from battery back up and the Monster went through a full reset causing all of the connected devices to have to be reprogrammed. Monster said that they did not support their device on a UPS. So I have a Monster HTS 3600 for a door stop. Absolutely worthless to me
__label__2 Best purchas in a long time.: I recently purchased a new Denon 2809 receiver for my home theater to replace a Marantz that did not do HDMI switching. When I hooked up my Samsung Blu-ray and Toshiba HD-DVD player the picture looked good, but when I connected my PS3, red lines appeared on my tv. I tried different HDMI cables, including Monster cables that were over one hundred dollars, but still saw red lines. My last resort was change from a cheap surge protector to this power center. After purchasing Monster Reference center the red lines disappeared and all video signals looked much better. Sound quality also improved. I am going to buy another one for my bedroom setup!
__label__2 Excellent Product: I was a bit leery after reading some of the reviews about this product but I can say that it has made a profound improvement in the sound and the picture quality of my home theater system. No longer do I hear the occasional popping sounds on the audio of most of our HDTV stations. The video has much less horizontal streaking. My experience with my wife listening was similar to other reviewers. She confirmed my observations spontaneously. I suppose that the degree of improvement must vary with the amount of signal noise that is present in the buyer's home area.
__label__1 China Mfg. meter: I must say I was not impressed with the overall quality of the units at all, the internal electronics looked to be of very poor assembly and quality. I had recently purchased two similar units which I returned due to the fact they did not operate properly.I have learned my lesson, No more cheap products from China when possible!
__label__2 Good Adaptation of a Superb Novel: The National TreeDavid Kranes' outstanding novel, The National Tree, finds a solid adaptation in this Hallmark production. The essence of the book, a deep and evocative exploration of a father and son relationship, is beautifully captured in the film. The premise, a cross country trip to deliver the National Tree to the President's lawn is well rendered; Andrew McCarthy and Andrew Williams do a superb job. But in an hour and a half, the quirkiness and delight of the novel could not be completely explored. Kranes' characteristic gentle and offbeat humor comes through so much more completely in the book which has become a family Christmas Classic for so many people.
__label__1 tired rehash of father-son bonding scenario: I'm sorry but there was just nothing original or noteworthy about this film about a father and son who learn to 'bond' while taking their family's tree to be planted in Washington DC. Along the way the boy meets up with his online girl 'friend' who decides to tag along, without Dad knowing... and gruff Dad starts having feelings for the go-getter PR woman (and vice-versa) traveling behind them arranging for media attention. The plot was predictable from the get-go, and the acting was uninspired.... about as 'wooden' as the tree they are carrying in the back of the big rig. Mediocre Hallmark viewing here; certainly NOT worth buying the dvd in my humble opinion.
__label__2 National Tree- Patriotism-: Feel good story about the National Christmas tree. Also, the story of a man accepting the maturity of his son and watching what he has taught him prevail when the time was right. Great Xmas movie, men and ladies. One of my favorites.
__label__2 Improvise by Mick Napier: A decent book that gives different types of ideologies for Improvisation. The book is pretty much 100% opinion but I still enjoyed the author's insightful observations and "solutions" to repetitive improv habits.Worth the money.
__label__2 Get it - and get it right!: Why can't anyone list this wonderful little HD TV correctly. I purchased one at "Wally World" and it works GREAT! The sound is very good too. It has the normal HD TV inputs plus the ATSC tuner. And it even has VGA input so I can connect it to my notebook PC and watch my MLB.com baseball games on a better screen.This is a true HD TV. The resolution is 850:1 an NOT the 400:1 as shown in Amazon.com.Buy this for your bedroom or any small room application. It's great!
__label__1 Dead TLA-01911C: TLA-01911C Dead. I bought this TV used from a friend, but with the manufacture date of 2007 I never figured a name brand TV would just die after a few years. After reading other comments I noticed all the warning signs... The screen would freeze while watching digital cable. After the freezes become more frequent, startups started to take longer. During the slow startups the screen would seem fuzzy, with bands of the picture being out of whack. It would take longer and longer for the TV to be clear after startup, then the screen became white. The TV would no longer work, It would just be a white screen with lines in it.SO DO NOT BUY, IT WILL BREAK, AND IT WILL BREAK SOON. I seem to be one of the lucky ones, as others broke within the warranty period and had to deal with horrible tech support.
__label__2 Dr. Mercola's Total Health Program: The Proven Plan to Prevent Disease and Premature Aging, Optimize Weight and Live Longer: I have not finished reading the book but what I have read so far is very interesting.
__label__2 Wonderful health book!!!: I borrowed this book from a neighbor and loved it so had to own it. I am looking forward to finding out my metabolic type as well. It's good to see that he doesn't advocate every supplement on the planet thereby breaking you but uses a few crucial ones. Hopefully this book will help my change my food lifestyle and add years to my life.
__label__1 1 star, because there is no choice for less: This book is a waste of time and money. It is a gathering of other's work that he has obviously copied without proper references. A small article could encompass the whole book. Also I found his recipes so unpractical and without a proper study, as they do not show any nutritious data about them. The recipes are an advertisement for Mercola's store.This book tries to lure people into buying Mercola's products. I consider it a rip-off rather that a helpful book. I like Dr. Weil better as he is more earthbound and practical.
__label__2 Best Of Show Nutritionally: Dr. Mercola has worked long and hard to get the word out that it matters what you eat. Yes, it does matter what you eat. Want to live a long, healthy life? Eat according to the program laid out in this book. Want to avoid cancer, heart disease and diabetes? Eat according to the program laid out in this book. As a health author, nutritional consultant and colon hydrotherapist, there are few other mentors who have taught me more than Dr. Joseph Mercola.Kristina Amelong, CNC, CTwww.optimalhealthnetwork.com
__label__2 Great beginning but lost some of the magic as the story developed...: The first couple of chapters of this book had me completely mesmorized, the instant attraction to one another, the Fae mysteries working their magic and a soul that badly needed to be healed... It had the makings of a book that one would read and re-read until the pages fell from the book from overuse but all too quickly it went downhill.Deborah MacGillivray was on the right track early on but it became boring and repetative all too quickly. I plan to read more of her books, she started out captivating the reader but that captivation turned into repetition, there is only so much excitement that one can draw from an apple tree no matter how ancient and powerful it may be.
__label__1 I really tried...: I tried. I really really tried to read this book. I forced myself to read more than half of it, but then I had to give up. The plot was boring and I felt like I have read it a billion other times in a billion other boring books. The dialogue was awful, the characters were flat.
__label__1 Too Difficult for Lower-level Spanish Readers: I am in a Spanish 4 class in college, yet I found this book still too difficult to read. I also expected it not to be as long--I was looking for a book that was only around 25 pages.
__label__2 Fantastic Book!: Most books assume that the reader has a month to carefully read the book. In reality, the reader often has a day or two and needs a solid understanding of the material but not a really detailed understanding. This book is great because it quickly and clearly covers all of the necessary concepts. What else can you ask for?
__label__1 How do you use this to teach Spanish?: I borrowed this set from the library. After reading through the introduction and then listening to a couple of the tracks on the CD, I have no idea how you're supposed to use this to teach Spanish. If there was a picture for each phrase, then maybe I could understand, but there's not. Between high school and college, I took five years of Spanish, so my non-understanding is not from not knowing any Spanish. I'm going to keep looking.
__label__1 Did not like it at all: I thought this was going to have lots of songs and it did not. It only has a few songs and the rest is 2 people reading off the book. Very boring.
__label__1 Not yet received the item: I have not received this item yet. Its been over a month since I placed the order. Is it not available?
__label__1 Too complex: Not good as a primary text for teaching Spanish at home. Songs are very complicated with lots of difficult vocabulary, while children may learn to sing a song they certainly are not going to know what it means. I am going to be looking for something else to use - very disappointed since some of the other reviewers suggested this would be a good tool to use at home.
__label__1 Surprisingly disappointing: First, I just want to say that I love Diana Palmer. She is fabulous and fun, one of my favorites. This book was NOT Diana Palmer material. It is about a young girl who falls in love with an older man and waits a year for him until he over comes his wife's death. In the meantime, Brianne's horrible step father promises her hand in marriage to someone else and Brianne will do everything she can to keep from marrying this evil man, with the help of Peirce if he gets over his wife's death. I could hardly stand Pierce for he was boring, self centered and childish. And though Brianne was not as naive as one would think, she was still not a very bright young woman. I found the plot somewhat weak, even though Ms. Palmer snuck in a few surprises with the oil companies and wars and etc. I found Tate Winthrop more exciting than anyone in this book and he was hardly in it!! I know the next book I read by her will be much better. I am not giving up on her! :)
__label__1 I feel gross.: Scratches seemed like an interesting game, a little frustrating, definitely creepy, but I'll never know how it ends. I stopped playing it and never intend to again. I got to the point in the game where you are expected to put a nail in the feet of a statue of Christ to open a secret door and couldn't believe this was actually a part of a GAME.I'm not the most devout person in the world, but that just felt utterly wrong. I don't care about the spoiler alert, I wish someone had done the same for me before I wasted time and money.
__label__2 No puedes pedir mas por el precio!: Este libro te ayuda a entender la gramatica del lenguaje Ingles y te ayuda a poder hablarlo y escribirlo mejor. Is one of the best tools anyone can have when learning to speak or better english skills.
__label__1 Gramatica de la Lengua Inglesa: I find this book quite difficult for the spanish-speaking adult student who I am working with. Any spanish-speaking person would need a high level of education in his own language to comprehend the explanations and directions. My student is perhaps educated through grade school.This would be a good book for someone who is advanced in the spanish language.There are lines for answers, but they are close together, perhaps college-ruled or closer, so the handwriting would have to be fairly small.A good point about this book is that the answers are in the back.There are 127 pages of workbook pages, then there are two appendices and the answers, and one page of an index. Total pages: 143
__label__2 The Priests DVD: I can't believe I did not know about this DVD earlier after it was made. I love sacred music and there are many beautiful, inspiring music for the soul. I love concertizing beautiful sacred music which lifts and nourishes the soul whether one attends a church or not. The music speaks for itself, we need more of this type of concerts, the Priests are great, I hope they continue to create more DVDs such as this. Music is another way communicating with God and the joy of the music certainly uplifts every soul who supports good music.
__label__2 messenger bag: This bag has been very handy for me not only with class supplies but also for everyday things instead of carrying a purse as well, I just carry this one bag.I've been able to use it for digital photography class to carry supplies and class instructions and it's very comfortable to walk around San Francisco in.
__label__2 Great ideas: Many delicious ice cream recipes in this book, along with other recipes for desserts, drinks, and more. Really helps to understand the basics of making homemade ice cream. Most recipes will make "a generous 1 quart" which ends up being approx. 1 1/2 quarts. Prompt shipment and great product!
__label__2 The only ice cream recipe book you'll ever need!: Incredible recipes that are impossible to goof. Really challenges quality store bought ice cream
__label__2 "Delicious" and Fantastic Buy!: The recipes in here are true to the Ben & Jerry's products you find on the frozen section of your grocery store! I easily achieved amazing results with the recipes they provided. (Try the Peanut Butter Fudge Ribbon variation- you will not believe it!). This book is very pratical and written with great humour.I strongly recommend this book to the novice with a sense of adventure as well as for the more experienced Ice Cream epicurian.Sincerely.Blanche, Montreal QC
__label__2 Great buy: Great little book to start ice cream making with. The intro is mostly biography, there is a section to better understand ice cream making (key ingredients, why you need to use whole milk as opposed to fat free, etc), and the rest of the book is recipes. They have great techniques, but they are often in sidebars, rather than being on a separate page or chapter. As far as the recipes go, it is great- they have different ice cream bases, and suggest in each recipe which base works best for flavor. They also have recipes for sorbets, toppings (fudge, caramel, etc), and other desserts that can be used as add ins (brownies, blondies, etc). It also, obviously, doesn't talk about frozen yogurt. My only problem is that it isn't quite as organized as I would like to get to a specific technique, like adding a fudge swirl to an ice cream. Great buy.
__label__1 OK review of ice cream cookbook: After reading all the reviews of this Ben and Jerry's ice cream recipe book, I ordered it. I do not think it contains what I was looking forward to with the recipes contained therein., and would not order it again knowing its contents. I found that surfing the internet gave me the recipes I wanted - for example pistachio ice cream, peanut butter cup ice cream, etc.
__label__2 Pyramid RPR425 4 Gauge Power Wire: My grandson used this wire to connect his speaker system up in his "new" car. I can assure you that the wiring works, I hear that radio thumping all the time:). Thus far, he hasn't had any problems, i.e. wire burning or melting.
__label__1 not real 4 gauge: this wire is not true 4 gauge. i would not recomend this for anything other than speaker wire
__label__1 Not what I was looking for: I was looking more for crossword puzzles, there are very few of those in here. It's fine if you're looking for other kinds of puzzles.
__label__2 Funny, witty, and full of surprises!: I enjoy good movies so I found this book to be the perfect summer read. It's funny, and witty, and full of surprises about Nick and his Hollywood associates. I had no idea the actor was so dedicated -- and so much fun to be around!
__label__2 Some Important Product Details: Playboy's Playmate of the MonthRaquel Gibson photographed by Stephen Wayda and Arny FreytagInterviewJamie Foxx by Michael FlemingFeaturesAfter The Party With Jamie Foxx: A Brash Playboy InterviewIn Bed With The Girls Next Door: E!'s Hot New ShowSpecial Photo Feature: Dancing With The Stars' Kelly MonacoPlus: Winter Coats, Harvey Pekar, An NFL TragedyModelBridget Marquardt, Holly Madison and Kendra Wilkinson (covergirl - nude inside) photographed by Arny Freytag
__label__1 Not received yet: I've not received it and its taking long time than expected.Since I've not received it, I can't say whether its good or not.
__label__1 Auto Shut Off does not work: The iron automatically shut off four times while I was ironing one shirt. The instructions say that the iron shuts off after seven minutes but it's more like every thirty seconds (very annoying!). The iron does not produce much steam. Also, the headlight is very difficult to turn off an off and on.
__label__1 Poor: Having used Mavis Beacon 8 long ago I wanted a refresher... This program is really not well designed--the biggest problem is each exercise only features a line or two of the appropriate new symbols/keys and then you are typing all the letters you know--sometimes even ones you haven't been taught yet--so it's difficult to solidify the finger positioning of new keys and gets confusing. Really not well thought out. There are enough advanced features that an experienced typist can increase their speed or a child COULD learn on it... but MB is so much better. Someone claiming to go from 20 to 54 wpm in a week is either an experienced typist that was rusty or lying (then 103 wpm. Sure).
__label__1 Company does not stand behind product: This is the second Rip off product that I have owned and this one must be a dud. I would expect someone to help me but I get no help. Beware.
__label__1 A waste of time and money: If you are considering purchasing this thing to make copies of commercially made VHS tapes to DVD, don't waste your time or your money because it is essentially useless for that purpose, the resulting copies are horrible, grainy, and with jittery lines in the picture, etc. Some people say this thing will remove the Macrovision protection which is responsible for the wavy lines and such, but forget it, it will not, at least not to any kind of acceptable degree. As far as I know it is legal to make a backup copy of original tapes that you own, for your own personal use under the "fair use" provision, just as you can make an archival copy of computer software, as long as it is for your own use, and not to sell etc. The only reason I gave this thing 2 stars is that it might prove useful for transferring home videos to DVD although I have not tried that yet.
__label__2 beautiful: This is slow beautiful music. NOT ambient and NOT new age and NOT sappy (in my opinion), just simply beautiful. Think Mogwai, Lanterna, or Dif Juz, but better. There are low volume vocals, but mostly instrumental. Some of the most perfect peaceful music. The song "The Sort of Juice I'm Used To" is by far the best. Don't let the interesting song titles fool you, this is a must have.
__label__2 Since Otar Left: This touching film speaks to the irrational ties of familial loyalty that even a lifetime of hurt won't extinguish. With warmth and subtlety, it details how the younger generation of women protect the health and well-being of the eldest through the kindest of deceptions. Though consumed by long-simmering resentment over Eka's favoritism toward her only son, Marina still makes an unselfish choice to shield Eka from hurt ."Otar" is a life-affirming gem, with all three actresses superb in the central roles, particularly Gorintin, who broke my heart as Eka.
__label__2 Polyethnic Slamgrass: Salmon's best effort to date! Guest appearances by Waylon Jennings, Taj Mahal, Bela Fleck, and J.B. make this a very entertaining and memorable album. -jg
__label__2 Good thoughts but poorly written: This book has many good thoughts and insights but is poorly written. A good editor would have helped this author immensely. It has bad syntax and sentence structure and was a frustrating and laborious read. I hope and pray that Mr. Rogers publishes another volume of this. He has wonderful insight which, unfortunately, becomes diminished by the lack of time that was spent on editing.
__label__2 Mexican House Building How-To in story format...sort of: This is a great story of how an American couple built their Mexican dream house in Sayulita, Mexico near Puerto Vallarta. While it's not a Mexican house building how-to, it does give you an idea of what you'll have to go through to build an authentic Mexican house on your own. Hopefully, you'll have a good experience as this couple did and not like the one described inGod and Mr. Gomez.
__label__2 They're Back!: Ye Gads! I'm 44, and first read this book in the 6th grade. Ever since my boys were born (they are now 14 and 11), I've been searching bookstores for "The Three Investigators" and always told they were out of print. Finally, my kids have the chance to read something exciting that demonstrates the power of logic and critical examination to solve a problem. Everything winds up having a logical, real-world explanation; none of this "x-file" mystery junk that has no bearing on reality. And done by characters that are believable and all children can relate to! I re-read this book numerous times in my childhood, and hope my children will enjoy it as much as I did. Long live Jupe, Pete and Bob and Tunnel Two!
__label__1 Not the right ink to go with the printer I purchased: I purchased an Epson Stylus 1400 phot printer, and this ink was featured on the same page to "buy together". However, this is not the correct ink for the printer and should not have been featured to buy together. It's most likely good ink, it's just not compatible with the Epson Stylus 1400.
__label__2 It's an Ink Cartridge: I installed this cartridge in my printer as soon as it arrived, since I was completely out of black ink. Then I ran a couple of test prints to check the alignment and nozzles, and all was perfect. So what can I say? It's an ink cartridge, and it works as well as expected.
__label__1 doubtful it is a new Epson cartridge: I read a lot of reviews and a lot of them said only buy your ink from Epson. I couldn't resist the price and bought off Amazon. This black cartridge took about 20 minutes of convincing, reinstalling, head cleaning, repeat, etc before it would print black. I also bought a 5-pack of colors because the package looked authentic. Duh. They weren't in a package when they arrived. They were made in Mexico. They may be former Epson cartridges that have been refilled. I haven't tried them yet. As a consolation prize, they sent me a black cartridge along with my 5 colors. ?? Lesson learned. After this, I will *only buy ink for Epson printers from Epson*.
__label__2 It works the first time around: I have heard a lot of people say how the printer did not recognize the ink cartridges and I was a little worried; however, I had no problem with the printer or the cartridges. It worked fine and I am very pleased with the printer and the cartridges.
__label__1 Yeah, I have to agree. . .: . . this book is so terribly written and edited that it was impossible to begin to tackle Flash MX with it, I don't know why I didn't check Amazon first. By the first chapter I knew this book was going to be useless; three pages into Chapter One she begins a segment called, "Get a Flash File Up On The Web". Now, why would you concern yourself with this step, in the beginning of the first chapter of a book on how to use Flash? That's the way the whole book goes. A disaster.
__label__1 Only oatmeal- no granola.: This product is only sweetened oatmeal with varying amounts of blueberries, but there is absolutely NO GRANOLA in any of the the 4 boxes I've eaten so far. So when the box says Granola, read oatmeal and six dried blueberries. It tastes fine for what it is, just know that it is not granola (like the box says it is).
__label__2 If you are a true BT Fan, You'll love this.: What more can I really say?What's nice about this one is that its all John. Not that the rest of BT pulls him down or anything. Its just nice to see a different side of John. The music resembles Blues Traveler but it is not the same so don't expect that if you're buying this CD.This peaceful sound is a must have for your collection.
__label__2 Really Good: When I bought this video, I was not sure if would be affordable. But, when I watched, I really enjoy it. Good music, good harmony, good jokes, I love GVB and I like Signature Sound. But when I watched Together, it was if Gaither joined the best of GVB with the best of SS. Surely recommended!
__label__1 Wonderful Magic Combination...: This is a wonderful DVD put out by Bill Gaither featuring the Gaither Vocal Band and Ernie Haase and Signature Sound. They are magical together. There is a unique blend of all their voices that is so great. The choice of songs on this DVD was spectacular, but I think the greatest one, if I had to pick just one, was "Sitting At the Feet of Jesus." I have many of the Bill Gaither VHS tapes and DVD's and although I don't have some of the older ones, I have not heard this particular song sung on any of them before. It has always been one of my very favorites. But this pairing of the two groups was nothing but inspirational on Bill's part to do this.
__label__1 Totally Dissatisfied: The speaker is very bad, the music, not good.The actual routine goes too fast.How do they expect begginers to follow this routine?
__label__2 If your friends don't get it, they're not worthy of you: My parents used to play this at their cocktail parties to see who was paying attention. If attendees didn't catch the whimsy, they were deemed dense. If they sang along in the same cadence and/or pitch they were deemed drunk enough and were served no more but applauded for their efforts.This is actually a product of two very talented people who probably had a struggle with singing and playing terribly.I have been looking for LPs of this for 30 yrs at flea markets, garage sales, etc.....it is here at Amazon that I found it. I am extremely gratified. It has helped me separate the chaff from the wheat in the "friend" department!!!!
__label__2 The voice of an angel: It is wonderful to hear angelic music like this. Nobody can do a song like Darlene Edwards. Her husband Jonathan is equally talented on the piano. My favorite time to listen to this is either after a stressful time at work any time I want to relax. Darlene has the voice of an angel, what kind of angel you decide.
__label__2 The Shooter: The perfomance by Randy Travis and Michael Dutikoff were very understated. They both did a great job. I was able to work on this movie and Randy Travis actually shoots me. The opening scene is the only thing that makes this an R rated movie. Otherwise it is great! If you are going to watch it with the kids, start it after the whipping scene or have it cued up so they don't have to see it.
__label__2 Wiggles fan: Our daughter is a big Wiggles fan and really enjoys watching this, whether at home or in our vehicle. We find ourselves singing and dancing to the tunes also. It does have a few songs in Spanish. Worth the purchase if your child is a fan.
__label__2 Handy to keep in the car.: The factory charger cord finally crapped out, and this one fits the cigarette lighter snugly without slipping out. It does what It's supposed to.
__label__1 somewhat tiresome: The book started out interesting, but about half way through, it got tiresome. The villians were predictable and the plot far to slow.At 70 pages from the end...just didn't care anymore. Those last few pages were really hard to get through, yet should have been the best part of the book. Sorry just can't recommend this one.
__label__2 How musical performances interact with local social systems: Gregory Barz's MUSIC IN EAST AFRICA introduces readers to the historical and modern musical performances unique to East Africa.Chapters in his MUSIC IN EAST AFRICA select individual musicians working in both traditional and contemporary fusions of sounds.Add eyewitness accounts of performances and descriptions of how musical performances interact with local social systems and you have a blend of music theory and anthropology unique to this series.
__label__1 Barely functional anymore: Years ago these used to be good. Now it's hard to find one that works properly, you have to get a box of 100 and hope some of them will work well. Why is this? It's become a throw-away society, quality is on the decline. Speedball probably thinks that few will notice the reduction in quality (except for the handful of professionals who are experts on their materials), so why not cut some corners and make more profits?I've been using drawing/inking art supplies for 22 years professionally and I have a hard time getting these to do their job now. Many of my other pro friends say the same thing. I've switched to Deleter's Comic Pen 240, from Japan, and it works as it should.
__label__1 Highly Disappointed: Fist of all, I didn't receive the Flea Zapper shown in the picture(even though that is the one I ordered. I sent a e-mail to the company but got no reply. The 2nd problem is the fact that it DOESN'T WORK. It does not "zap" the fleas as stated. The teeth on the comb are too close together so the cats hair doesn't go through them. I ran it over fleas on the cat's belly where there is very little hair....same results...NOTHING HAPPENED! I am very disappointed with this product and want my money back!
__label__2 Different Battles is a fascinating read.: Different Battles is a truly unusual book. It's a meticulously researched, vividly imagined historical study. But it's also a moving personal memoir--all the more powerful for being understated. On top of all that, it's a fascinating read.The author grew up in Vero Beach, Florida during World War II when German subs were a greater threat along the U.S. East coast than most people realized. The boy's father, Kit Johnson, uses his fishing boat to search for and rescue the survivors of ships torpedoed by the Germans. He later fights a very "different battle" with Alzheimer's. Peter Cremer, the charismatic and somewhat enigmatic Commander of a German U-boat, captures the reader's imagination. But as we gradually come to realize, the author's father is the real hero of the book.
__label__2 Diary of St. Faustina: St. Faustina's diary is absolutely beautiful. As I have been reading, I have fallen in love with St. Faustina and feel a very strong connection with her. Even as she suffered and struggled, she always stayed focused on Christ and lived her life beautifully for Him. I encourage you to read this book and just enjoy the beauty of how much God loves us.
__label__2 Simply Divine: This book provides an excellent insight into a humble soul truly united with Christ. It's an inspiration to re-examine our own lives to see the how we can unite our sufferings with the Lord and allow Christ to work through us. It also reinforces the message of God's Divine Mercy and God's desire to shower us with His mercy when many may think we do not derserve it or even want it. While we can never merit God's mercy, He truly was working through St. Faustina to spread his message that he wants to give his Mercy to all who accept Him and to the whole world which is in so desperate need of Mercy. Reading this book will make you look at things differently and it is a grace to read.
__label__1 Comercial: This magazine has been most of time full of not well written article. Too much advertise inside and very repetitive. It needs more creativity and embracement of ahimsa towards the reders. I mean, I can read an article without being attacked by on the hundreds of commercials inside.Which becomes very distractive.I think it should be free at every yoga studio entrance or a very small fee to be delivered at your house.
__label__1 Will Review It If It Ever Arrives: Ordered it and paid for it in full, (two-year subscription) on January 6 as a gift for my wife. It is almost June and it's no deal from Deal Universe.
__label__1 to much on religion: i gave this a a gift to a chick friend of mine and she said this mag takes yoga to much as a religion than a workout. I told her well yeah thats what it is... what did you expect?
__label__1 Too female-oriented: Y j used to be more geared to everyone. Now it has a guy's picture on the cover only once in 8 years!
__label__2 War With Grandpa: I like this book because it is funny. It's about a boy who had to give up his room for his grandpa. They started a war. Grandpa had problems with his leg but he succeded on the war. Peter has a little sister named Jenny and a mom and dad. Whenever Peter does something to his grandpa he gets back. And one time grandpa took Peter fishing. If you want to know more read it.
__label__2 an awsome book: War With Grandpa is an awsome book. It is about Peter Stocks and his grandpa go to war when grandpa take his room .You would like it if you like funny books. My favirot partis when granpa did his last move.
__label__1 The War With Grandpa: I rate this book 2.5 because I think that the author shouldn't have made the ending the way it ended. The book is about a boy named Peter. He loves his room. When he hears the news that his grandpa is coming he is happy, but when he looks into it he finds out that grandpa is taking his room... he starts a war. I would recommend this book if you do not like your grandpa (it might give you some ideas!). Age-wise, I would say this is for kids ages 8-10 years old. It's a comedy.~N64 NDS
__label__2 Grandpa's War: I liked this book because it has a war. Wars are not good but in this book,they learn their lesson. By passing notes to each other, they ended the war. I would recommend this book.Review by Koresha
__label__2 warwith grandpa: I think the storey was grat! because peter chris to get his room back and dose he secseed. find out if you read this grat book!
__label__1 WarWithGrandpa: I dont like this book very much becaus it dident have enoughexcitment.And the words are easy to read.One part of the storyI liked was when they caught a whole bunch of flounder.
__label__2 The War with Grandpa: I think this was a great book. My favorite part is when Peter stole Grandpa's false teeth. My least favorite part is when grandpa pull's all those dirty tricks on Peter. All together I think you will like this book.
__label__2 Tuck Triumphant: When Helen's family decides to adopt a child, they get a Korean boy named Chok Do Choy. When they pick him up at the airport, they find out a horrible secret. Read the book to find out!The book is well written and the author makes you want to read on. Theodore Taylor is a very colorful writer. He uses lots of literary devices and he makes me feel like I'm right in the story.I would recommend this book to people who like suspense, tragedy, and humor.
__label__1 Prefer his Spanish music: I love Marc Anthony, love his voice, love his songs, but not crazy about this CD. I just don't like his English music so much. I knew two of the songs on this CD and didn't mind listening to them, but wasn't crazy enough to love all the songs or the CD. It's just not me. I think Marc Anthony is better and more emotional in Spanish than in English.
__label__1 Ay Bendito!: Ay Bendito! que te paso mi'jo? El mejor de los artistas con esas cosas! (you know better.... you, all, know what I mean!) y no es porque no me guste la salsa en ingles (recordemos a Tito Nieves). Enough!.
__label__2 214 Reviews..Can We Talk? He Got You..Yes 'Marc Anthony': He sure got me..Touch Me, Touch Me...This Man is Like 'The Best', Yes Most Definitely. Have you ever Had Your Soul Touched...He can Do That. Oh my goodness. ''My Baby You'' you will love this song. 'My Baby You Are The Reason I Can Fly'. Yes he will take you to the depths of your soul and then lift you to 'The Stars.' Saw him on Michael Jackson's 30th singing 'She's Out of My Life' and I'm sure the whole world went to buy his CD the very next day. I truly feel all the songs on this CD, you will die for. You Can Feel His Passion Like Wow...You Just Gotta get this CD. Words just cannot explain how Great This Man is. We need his kind of music to stimulate the senses and feel the Passion. And we all Love Passion. And Very Romantic..all ages would love this CD. ,.)Sincerely PrincessColleen xxO
__label__1 Good Singer/Bad Songs: I love, love, love, love Marc Anthony; he is one of my favorite Latino singers, and I have followed him from the beginning of his career. If you want his best work, buy his spanish albums -- Amazon has all of them (kudos). He somehow loses the passion and energy on this album. If you like latin-influenced pop music, watered down for an American audience that is too narrow minded to listen to lyrics in other languages, then you will like this album and the other "latin craze" music (Martin, Iglesias, Lopez). Latin music has been around forever; it is a shame that Americans think it is now "the rage" because a few English albums with latin beats have been released. In other countries, the music scene is much more international...
__label__2 El CD MAS BUENO DE MARC ANTHONY!!!: Este Cd de MArc Anthony es el mas bueno ke a sakado!! Tiene todo, salsa, pop, y romantica!!! Las canciones estan super, buenisimas y tienen mucho sentimiento!! Se lo recomiendo a todos los ke le guste la muica romantica!!!!!
__label__2 You Can Sing!!!: I'm sorry, move over Ricky Martin and Enrique. Marc has real talent. He can actually sing. that's something rare in music today. He tore up My Baby You, No Me Ames and I Want to Spend My Lifetime Loving You. Go Marc!!!!You have skills boyee!!
__label__2 Riding The Waves: Marc Anthony has hopped on a shiny pop music train with his self-titled English debut. While longtime fans wont find much of the salsa here that they've always known him for, there's still plenty of continuity in the fact that he's as fine a singer as ever and a sure romantic.Then again, Marc Anthony has always been about putting his own spin on his roots, so would-be critics should be warned--he wont be tied down. The single I Need to Know, with its pulsing salsa horns and piano, was a ubiquitous item on mainstream radio that clearly rode the fast waters of the Latin floodgate opened by Ricky Martin (Anthony used to sing back up to Menudo)and others.Thats Okay delves a bit deeper into the clave, while the plaintive How Could I combines the fluid fire of Spanish guitar with soft, slow-jam programming. A sweet pop nugget, You Sang to Me offers soaring waves of keyboard as Anthony makes his amorous declarations with breathy urgency.Sexy, salsa king rides the crossover wave.
__label__1 Not so wonderful: I thought this would be wonderful to keep the wipes warm so as not to shock the bottom of my son at diaper changes. I was mistaken however. The wipes we either dry or soaking wet and never really that warm. Not worth your money if you ask me.
__label__1 mine broke!!!: I bought 2 of these, one for upstairs, and one for downstairs in my home. The top lid broke on both of them. I would not recommend this product. Look for one a little more sturdy than this!!!!
__label__2 no more 3am screaming from cold wipes: my daughter loves the warm wipes and my husband and i love that we don't have to listen to her scream when a cold wipes touches her. especially at 3 am. They can dry out a little but the directions tell you to add a little water.
__label__1 Mine quit retracting after the thrid use.: This thing is of mediocre quality at best. Mine quit retracting within the first week of using it.
__label__2 Good everyday cage cleaner: Poop-off works well for everyday cage cleaning, and can be used on almost everything-- perches, cage bars and grate, and even on the walls next to the cage. Dried, hardened parrot droppings clean up easier if the product is sprayed on and left to sit for a few seconds. Helps make cleanups faster and easier.
__label__2 Ranma 1/2: The fifth book of Rumiko Takahashi's Ranma 1/2 continues the on going plot of Ranma, a boy who can change into a girl using cold water. Of course, this brings up all sorts of strange and funny situations! The fifth volume is no different! It is still is some of the best and most classic of Takahashi's work. It's very funny and outragious. If love Ranma 1/2 or your just an Anime fan, this book would be great to add to your collection!
__label__2 My daughter loves it: Yes, the boy doll can only really fit into the lifeguard or doctor, but my 4 year old daughter puts the doctor or lifeguard outfits on the girls too. They're just a little loose ... but she doesn't even notice. However, she is a little sad that the boy can't wear any of the other clothes, but I don't think she's lost sleep over it (since the boy doll is a little larger than the girl dolls). She's so obsessed about being a doctor one day, that she's thrilled she gets to dress them up in a doctor outfit. She loves it.
__label__2 Murder can Singe your Old Flame: This is a great book and fits well into the series. I love Desiree, who is very down to earth and real.
__label__1 **WORST**SOUND**EVER**: I could have produced a better quality sound back in the day with a $70.00 Pioneer cassette deck. Actually, I did record and produce better sounding material around the same time as these recordings with a 1st generation cassette deck. Potential buyers should notice there is no way to sample the selections. Now I know why.Buyers beware of this product. Whether this is a defective product or unlistenable c**p; someone should be held accountable for this out and out ripoff.
__label__2 the movies are: INCLUDES FIVE DIGITALLY REMASTERED, FULL LENGTH FEATURE FILMS: SWAMP WOMEN, WOMEN IN CAGES, THE BIG BUST OUT, AND THE HOT BOX......BONUS MOVIE: HIGH SCHOOL BIG SHOT
__label__1 Shipping was fantastic, but quality of product was VERY disappointing: Purchased item expecting it to be of same quality as my other Laguiole knives. Not even close.So very disappointed with the knives. If you've ever had the pleasure of owning "the real McCoy"you'd know the difference in a heartbeat. I thought they'd make a nice addition for "everyday" toour other knives. So..... very sorry I wasted my hard earned money on this "cheap" imitation!
__label__2 A film about patriotic duty vs. love: Based on a famous Thai novel by Tommayanti, Sunset At Chaopraya (aka Khu Gam) has been made into a multilingual film.Set in Thailand during WWII; it's a story about Kobori, a Japanese soldier who unquestioningly takes command of an army base in a region called Thonburi as instructed by his superiors, but finds himself emotionally struggling with his new role and his sense of duty, as well as his deep attraction for a Thai woman named, Angsumalin.Overall, a pretty good film for those who like emotional rollercoasters. Initially, the beginning is slow, but as it progresses, you want to know how it turns out. Kind of reminds you of a certain Jane Austen story, but to mention the name would spoil the film.
__label__2 Impressed Clarinet Student: I recently played the Weber Concerto 1 in a competition and bought the recording to help me with it. Weber is an incredible composer and I have found this CD to be inspiring and entertaining! It's a great set.
__label__1 This book is insane: The book has a big problem in formualing how to go about doing different accounting calcuations. The language is not clear and the diagrams are useless because there is no references as how the calculation came to be. Most of the time it starts on six pages back and if you do not read very carefully, you will miss the whole idea. Had this book for two quarters in college and hated it. All of the students that were in my classes came to the agreement that the authors could not agree and that the exericses were a disaster as well.If you buy this book and totally understand it Kudos.
__label__1 Book sucks: This book is gayest thing ever. I have to google every thing in the book to get it properly. The author must be a virgin
__label__2 Review of Getting Your Next Job: This book demonstrates a practical, straightforward approach to job hunting. It's particularly useful to those facing unemployment or simply contemplating a career change. The section which covers C.V.s is particulary strong.Despite there being a large number of books which cover similar topics, I believe this book approaches the subject in a new nd refreshing way.
__label__2 Is helping me!: I read this book as a companion to her "Messies Manual" book. I find that they fit beautifully together. I needed to understand that I'm not just a lazy slob- or a hopeless failure at making a home. I have a personality that is shared by many other wonderful women. Learning to work with and not against myself has given me help and HOPE.I agree- if you are looking for a how to organize your home- this won't meet your needs. If you have tried and failed at homemaking and need to figure yourself and your needs out- this is a great place to come.I feel it needs the companionship of "The Messies Manual" to be complete.I'd buy and read it first.
__label__2 A dream of a book: The extraordinary care that was taken by the publisher in the production and design of this book goes beyond beauty. The weight, proportions, paper and typography are something like the experience of the original, or at least, of what the experience of reading was in the time of Colonna. This all helps illuminate the hallucinatory, allegorical text, and for this reader, I felt as if I was inhaling some kind of ether. What breathtaking insight this book provides into the sensibility and mileu of the Renaissance.
__label__1 Poorly written, not informative: This book was a real disappointment. I do not recommend it to anyone interested in the 1680 Pueblo Revolt. There are much better books on the subject available:The Pueblo Revolt : The Secret Rebellion That Drove the Spaniards Out of the Southwest,The Pueblo Revolt (Bison Book), andPo'pay: Leader of the First American Revolution.Check out the above titles and skip this one.
__label__1 It's like a CD that hasn't finished completion: Like in "Departure": 'Here it comes, bad' All R.E.M. songs are solid unities of pure listening enjoyment and I am a very big R.E.M.-fan. But this is a R.E.M. CD not made by R.E.M. And that's what is wrong. Even as only-instrumental music, it isn't as good as the originals. But I guess that in the end, it's nice to hear the nice tunes of these classic songs. But it's lacking Stipe and Mills beautiful voices, Buck's superb guitar technique's and Berry's drums. Only for die-hard R.E.M.-fans who want everything that's R.E.M.-related. Maybe it can be used in the elevator of the R.E.M.-clubhouse.
__label__2 Finally!: Finally, a book about magic from someone other than the usual suspects, saying something other than the usual. My only complaint is that the book is sometimes difficult to read because I find myself stopping after individual essays to go for long walks and digest. Some essays, I find myself stopping after almost every sentence to think about what I've just read. I particularly like Louv's writing and ideas; there's a deep-down freshness to his writing and "oh gosh!" enthusiasm that I can't stop loving.
__label__2 rock'n'surf: Raw, energic, punk as well as smooth, relaxed, surf , both sides of this record are excellent, both made me happy that rock music is still alive. So if you like rock or surf or simply rock'n'surf instumental music, don't miss this one.
__label__2 Wonderfully relaxing and highly enjoyable: There are 14 lovely tracks on this CD. Most are simply grand flute music by numerous 1st American artists. Some include chants that seem to stay with you throughout the day. It's great to listen to, read inspiring books by, and meditate to. Highly recommended, especially for those enamored with flute music.
__label__2 kinda compelling...: this cd takes singer-songwriters work to slightly somewhere else.part of the time it sounds like chris isaak singing unknown tim buckley songs.. the other songs veer totally into pj harvey territory. by the end he is combining the two approaches. kinda compelling. and someone to watch..david garza fans might like this too
__label__2 Schubert: Goethe-Lieder / Fischer-Dieskau, Demus, Moore: Songs of a legendary composer and lyricist by one of the best singers ever. Definitely worth hearing. Also received quickly and in fine condition, which is typical for Amazon.
__label__2 Great Relaxing CD: I picked this CD up in a small record shop while on vacation in Santa Fe, New Mexico 5 years ago. The music is wonderful. Very peaceful and relaxing. Nice pan flute. I hope this group continues to make more CDs. I will get their other CD titled "Turquoise Visions".
__label__2 Wonderful wish maybe it could happen book: Just a beautiful book, not only in appearance but in content. Open up this book on a January day in the dead of winter and dream, dream, dream. Of course, as the author states dreaming is the beginning. It opens up all the possibilities and options for one's own retreat. I enjoyed it immensely as I'm sure you will. Live life to it's fullest.
__label__2 Quality Product, quick delivery!: I Ordered the VW02-AUX a week ago and I just received it, the install was quick and harmless (2007 VW GTI) It took me about 20 minutes to have everything completed. The sound quality that you get from the unit is flawless, I have it hooked up to my Android phone and its just like listening to my CD's. Quality Product, quick delivery!
__label__1 Turrible: This product seemed like a good idea, was doing half swings indoors at first, then finally took it outside and did a full swing, the dang thing broke off and flew and hit my buddys headlight, like the title says...turrible
__label__2 Socially relevant AND street: I was really feeling his wordplay on Stay Troop...Nowadays rappers can't rap but dude is solid.
__label__2 Awesome track!: I love this track! And the darda cars go so super fast! The only thing is you have to hold down the track. I'm going to mount it on a piece of plywood.
__label__1 Stupid!: Waste of money. Fill a spray bottle with water, add a squirt of dishwashing liquid and a teaspoon or two of liquid laundry detergent that contains ENZYMES...Trust me, Cheap and it works just as well. buy your bird a toy with the money you save!
__label__2 A Must for Bird Owners: This product makes husbandry easier and quicker. I have been using it for, geez, probably 10 years or so and can't say enough about it. It's pleasant smelling, quick acting, non-toxic and makes clean up a breeze. You need this product if you have a caged bird!
__label__2 Tree frogs: Delightful little board book that shows tree frogs up close and personal! Excellent photography.
__label__2 destroys stereotypes of medieval peasants: This book does a great job of getting straight to the peasants themselves and depicting their lives as much as possible instead of lumping them together as all equally miserable, brutish, callous, etc.
__label__2 A Good Solid Romance: Who said that boys can't like a happy ending romance??? Because I really enjoyed this book although I thought that some of the characters were a little extreme. Anyway I REALLY like this manga!!! But I can't show it to my guy-friends...
__label__1 Awful!!!: Thank goodness I rented this movie before actually buying it. It wasn't even funny at all. I am greatly disappointed and thought it was going to be good! The creators really missed a lot of opportunities to make a fantastic movie!
__label__2 figured it would suck but it didn't!: after seeing the trailers on tv for this (quite a while ago!) I figured it would be a cheesy movie with a few one liners - boy was I wrong! it surprised me from the beginning and I can still laugh while thinking of a few parts of it now! I don't even like Cameron Diaz but in this she does GREAT!not one for kids though! I still won't let mine watch but I'm strict like that.
__label__1 terrible.: 1st off, Cameron Diaz was grossly miscast in this role. There were probably dozens of actresses who could have played this role better (how does she keep getting job after job after job?? She's an AWFUL actress - at best).Now i like funny and sexy as much as anyone. But these "jokes" were just downright crude and not even a little bit funny. This makes the Seth Rogen-type comedies look like Gone With the Wind.Although all the roles were bad, Justin Timberlake did the best job in his, rising slightly above the rest of the pig slop, proving he was actually too good to lend his name to this trash.Its lucky to get a one-star rating here, as you can't dish out zero stars. Avoid at all costs.
__label__1 BAD MOVIE: I don't know how Cameron Diaz EVER agreed to do this crap! The writing is horrible and the acting is worse!
__label__2 Bad Teacher DVD: Purchased as a gift for an adult. Fun movie. Shipped fast. Arrived in perfect condition. Great price. Didn't have to fight the crowds in the stores.
__label__1 2 Minute trailer far better than the entire film!: I had been wanting to see this movie since I saw the previews - since seeing it, I could have just as well stuck with the previews. It was as if someone filmed short clips and stuck them together - there were many parts of the film that did not transition very well, and there was very little chemistry between the actors in the movie. To keep this short, I will not be watching this movie again.
__label__1 Bad Teacher = Bad Movie: I just finished watching this really bad movie and thought I'd jump over to Amazon and see what others thought of it. Not surprised that there are more 1 star ratings for this than 4 stars. Can't believe C Diaz actually read the script before shooting this and still continued. Her career is really in a tailspin after this kind of crap. There's the good part of Hollywood, and then there's this. If Amazon had a way to award 1/2 star that's what it's worth. Maybe not even that much. What's next for Diaz... a TV sitcom? Wouldn't be surprised.
__label__2 surprisingly funny: Yes this movie is raunchy and over the top, but I loved it. There are awkward parts and it is R rated for a reason, but this is the best comedy I've seen all year. Don't take it seriously and you'll love it!
__label__2 A pleasant surprise.: A reluctant teacher loses her wealthy fianc' and thus has to return to the job she hates. Desiring breast implants, she pursues the bonus awarded to the teacher whose class has the highest test scores. Along the way she is pursed by a gym teacher, tries to connect with a rich substitute, and finds a rival in a fellow teacher, the funniest and most well-developed character in the film. This is a movie that I found funny and refreshing, in that it is not laced with vulgarities and profanity throughout. This is a movie that provides laughs while not seeking the lowest common denominator. A pleasant surprise.
__label__1 The reviews are correct; this movie stinks: 1. This is one of those movies where you think, wonder, perhaps hope that all of the negative review are wrong... because there are well know actors in this film. But this film proves again and again that famous actors + lousy writing = lousy movie.2. Please save yourself some time and money, pass on this complete dud.
__label__1 "Bad" is accurate for this stinker: This is easily one of the worst movies I've ever seen. Thankfully I am just out the cost for rental and didn't buy the DVD or see it in the theater. Rather than come up with any remotely funny dialogue, the writers just pile on f-bombs, or worse. The only reason I watched to the end was to see how much worse it could continue to get. The great Justin Timberlake and Jason Segal are totally wasted. The gorg Cameron Diaz should fire her agent. Do yourself a favor and run away from this humorless turd.
__label__1 Bad? More like terrible...: There was nothing fun or funny about this movie (I knew the reviews weren't good, but I thought there had to be at least some enjoyable parts -- I was wrong). There was no chemistry between Cameron and the PE teacher. I couldn't tell if Justin T's character was that ridiculous or if it was just really poor acting. There were zero likeable characters and no character development. From watching the movie, I had no understanding as to why the main character was so nasty to everyone. Did something happen to her as a child? A little background would be nice. Overall, pointless.
__label__1 bad teacher: BAD is right!!! After the first half hour had to turn it off. Life is way to short. I wouldn't waste your money on buying it. Rent it first if at all.
__label__1 Should be rated X: First of all, to anyone that thinks this movie is supposed to be deep, realistic and taken seriously; don't. I don't believe it was meant to be taken seriously, however it's still not funny. Yea, it has a few giggle moments here & there but most of the scenes made no sense. Weak Plot. Too many scenes that tried too hard. It wasn't necessarily boring but simply not funny.The dry humping scene was extra, totally unnecessary. The teachers other than Cameron Diaz were torture to watch. Seems like a lot of things were just thrown together at the last minute from the producer.I recommend ages 18 & older only to watch, anyone younger is just inappropriate. It suits young adults who need a brainless movie to watch while high on marijuana.
__label__1 Disappointing: I couldn't muster enough faith in the story to prod any longer than page 41. I found it difficult to relate to, sympathize with, or even respect the characters. They were intolerable, existing only to drive the plot. The book professes to extol the principles of cultural tolerance and individual sensitivity, but it fails in this as it attempts to bridge ethnic, gender, racial, economic, generational, and, especially, the individual divide.The characters are pigeonholed in stereotyped behavior, manner, and thought. A stilted performance of a highly advertised and acclaimed book.
__label__1 Disappointing - Anne Tyler Seems to Have Lost Her Joy: I was most disappointed with this new book from Anne Tyler. And I would agree with some of the other reviewers who think she's lost her special gift. Her characters have lost their endearing quirky edge and their sense of humor. (Who can ever forget the man who washed his dress shirts at the end of his day by stomping around on them while taking a shower? Or the family that always put the groceries away in exact alphabetical order. I could go on an on.) In her last few books, however,her characters have pretty much fallen flat. I fear that this change to more serious, humorless stories is a relection of her own life. It seems that since her husband died, her stories have suffered. I hope she will rediscover her old witty, truly joyful view of life and bring us back some of her mesmerizing quirky characters. I await her next book with great hope.
__label__2 Good book: Digging to America by Anne Tyler is a most enjoyable read. Our book club is usually into heavy stuff, and it was delightful to read something that wasn't a "downer."Anne Tyler writes simply and directly. She can capture a scene and emotion with few, articulate, well chosen words. I laughed out loud at the binky party.The main character is really Maryam who is searching for "belonging" as is almost everybody else in the book.You'll enjoy this book, It's not a GREAT book, but one that can generate some good discussion.
__label__1 Boring: I have to rank this with the top ten most boring books I have ever read. It's my first Anne Tyler book and there would have to be a pretty good argument for picking up another of her books. The characters in this book were so uninteresting. I couldn't connect with one character. Practically the whole book is about planning a party or attending a party. After the first party I pretty much decided that attending a party with these people would be torture! The underlying themes had the promise of making this an explosive book, but they were just left dead on the pages while the characters and parties bored me to tears.
__label__1 Great writer, but surprisingly dull and uninvolving book: I've read every Anne Tyler book and usually enjoy them and always find them readable.But this one (I haven't finished it yet) isn't very compelling. A week or more goes by before I pick it up and I think I'm just going to have to set aside a few hours and "get it out of the way" which is a horrible thing to say about a writer I enjoy so much.Neither the characters nor the plot are compelling to me -- just seems like dinners and lunches at one anothers homes. The characters--her strong point--seem flat and without a strong plot to move things along...it just ain't moving along.
__label__1 Characters In Search of a Plot: As an avid reader of fiction and non-fiction about the transracial adoptive experience, I was immediately drawn to the subject matter of this book. However, I was disappointed and surprised at how the author failed to create momentum or at the very least, a forward moving plot. Much description was given with no action, mainly reading like the background biographies of the characters rather than details that are integrated into a developed story. Most distressing is the lack of three dimensionality to the children themselves, a list of physical attributes and behavioral tics do not make them come alive. I am a true sucker for any kind of family formed by adoption story, let alone one with the outlines of this book as it mirrors my own family, but the fact that I didn't feel moved at all signals to me, an unconvincing and inauthentic rendition of this experience.
__label__2 Romance & Politics: The Devil's Paw, a novel of espionage and intrigue during World War I, is very dated in light of subsequent historical events, but it is facinating nonetheless. There is a moderate amount of suspense and action from the main characters, but the thrust of the novel is a study of the political climate of England at that time. Julian Orden, son of a British aristocrat and vocal espouser of the Socialist cause attends a dinner party and meets Catherine, a young woman of mixed antecedents--British and Russian. In her face he recognizes the person who saved his life on the beach the night before. These two characters become caught up in a plan by the leaders of the working people of Germany and England to force a premature end to World War I. I enjoyed this book, but unless you are interested in the philosophy of British politics and the position of Socialism in that era, I would suggest another choice.
__label__1 Does not work as advertised: Got this flash to work with Nikon's CLS as a remote unit. Before purchase I called Sigma to ask if it would do this. Was assured that yes it would.Does NOT work as advertised or as Sigma tech support assured me it would. I run 5 SB-800s and two SB-600s so I know how to use the system.Save your self time and money and buy a true Nikon unit.
__label__2 Excellent Resource: This was a required text for one of my classes in my credential program and I ended up using it throughout my entire credential program. It has a very detailed perspective on teaching to a diverse classroom and gives some excellent pointers on the developmental levels of different aged students. I found the concepts and ideas to be beneficial, comprehensive, and ideal. I would certainly recommend this book to anyone who wants to expand their knowledge and insights into the diverse classroom.
__label__1 Biased writer: This book was required for one of my courses while earning my teacher certification. I noticed that the author works at my university so I'm not too surprised that it was required and not just recommended. The author, Mark Ryan, is very biased in his view of education. To him there is no place in a classroom for traditional teaching styles. It should be an open, student-directed learning environment where the teacher is a "guide on the side". My 8th grade daughter is suffering through this type of teaching right now and I can tell you that leaning too much one way or the other isn't good. When will the education community learn to use a little bit of all types of teaching philosophies rather than throwing the baby out with the bath water?If required to read this text, do so with a grain of salt. Don't become another victim of teacher certification indoctrination like this author is.
__label__2 Ask The Teacher: I bought this book for my teaching/credential program. I found it very interesting and have used it as a reference for all my classes. Mark Ryan provides helpful information for teaching and provides different strategies to use in the diverse classroom. The book is straighforward and versatile. It presents concise and positive advice about teaching and learning. A "must have" book for students and teachers to keep in their library!
__label__2 INFORMATIVE: This book blows What to Expect When You're Expecting away! It is very informative and includes a 3 page journal for each month so you can keep track of how you feel, etc. I highly recommend this book. Do not waste your money on What to Expect.... The Pregnancy Book by the Dr. Sears is also wonderful.
__label__2 Best Progressive Trance Mix of the 90's: The songs on this CD, more than any other, defined the evolution of the west coast trance and techno scene in the late 1990's. His mixtape "Contact" is even better. A California desert rave is being delivered to your CD player. Enjoy!
__label__1 If I could give this book 0 stars I would!!!: I knew it would be bad from the moment I saw it because, WHO IN THEIR RIGHT MIND WOULD WANT TO ESAPE FROM WITCHCRAFT? ... Wicca is a great religon and It is not about worshiping the devil. Witches worship God. ... ... Dont waste your money. ...
__label__2 Very educational: If you enjoy weather prediction, this is a fantastic book from a premier authority. The only problem, the book we received was 1 edition old. It's still a good book.
__label__2 I was definately Utterly Confused: This book is written by my current teacher. He has done a fantastic job of highlighting and condensing the most essential information that is critical for each chapter. Also some of the information contained in the testing area of the book is actually on his tests that are provided through McGraw Hill Connect.
__label__1 I didn't love it.: This story of Grace O'Rourke and Rathe Bragg was my second-least favorite book of the very talented Brenda Joyce. The absolute worst was Runaway Bride, which I didn't bother to finish after just a few chapters.This book was very unsatisfying and highly predictable. While Rathe was somewhat interesting, Grace was very stereotypical and cliche, in my opinion. Most of Joyce's fans look to her to really make the pages sizzle with passionate heat, and sadly, this book fell short and it fell HARD. None of the love scenes were endearing or worthwhile. Is this the same author that wrote The Fires of Paradise?On a more positive note, Joyce's use of the deep south during the horrible aftermath of slavery was a very promising backdrop for an excellent story. The plot did not stand up to the setting, and the "romance" between the main characters was dry and inspired very little emotion from the reader. If you love stories set in the deep south, you may be able to find some enjoyment out of it.
__label__2 Best knife ever!!!!!!: A nice, hefty feel, a big blade - quality USA craftmanship - and beautiful materials. I love it so much, I immediately bought more. This is truly an heirloom item. You won't be disappointed!!!
__label__1 Disappointing: I bought this CD based on all the positive reviews. I found it to be insipid, weak and flat. It only contains one cut worth playing more than once (I miss you madly). Very much background or elevator muzak. I was hoping to find something new and fresh. Like another comment stated, just a watered down Earl Klugh wannabee. Save your money for Earl.
__label__2 Soothing Guitar: My first introduction to Lawrence Barris came after hearing "Loveland" from this cd a few years back. I own both of Lawrence's cds and I think this one is far better than his Love on Me cd. All the songs feature that soft and soothing guitar accented by keyboards and percussion. My favorite is still "Loveland", but other good songs include "Our Midnight Dance", "Sometime, Somewhere" and "Afternoon Samba". This cd is definitely worth checking out.
__label__1 You need training or just be honest.: I ordered this item and received 3 different sizes of baking dishes instead of this one. I returned them with an explaination, in the box, and again received the same 3 baking dishes. I Talked with the Amazon people, and they said that it was a miss write on the description, and that they were fixing it as we were talking. They credited my account. A week later I checked for the Item I wanted and there it was, no different than when I first ordered it. I really wanted this item and it seems that they can't deliver. I will order it from Lehman's catalog. This item is cheaper through them anyway. I will reconsider purchasing any items that go through Target. They also indicated that they would send me a free gift for the inconvenience. Never got it.Anchor Hocking Oven Basics Glass Baking Dish Trio
__label__2 Not very well built: I bought this showerhead 2 months ago and when I installed it I threw away the warranty information as I didn't consider it necessary. How often do plumbing type parts fail? Not often or at all based on my past experience. Well, much to my shock this showerhead has in less than 2 months time developed a crack in it. Now I have to go through the trouble of finding the warranty information on it. Not a well built product to develop a crack so soon.Found my warranty information, called them and they sent a replacement piece. It has held up so far, so I'm raising the rating on this product from a 1 to a 4 as the manufacturer was prompt on the replacement part and it is holding up.
__label__1 making a trap way too complex !?: What is the matter with you !? You take a simple trap and make a bunch of loose parts, doesn't work. very poor design and build.should be a door that locks and a cage so they cant get out. KISS Keep it simple STUPID.
__label__1 Full of Errors: I found this book very superficial for the most part. An exploration of George's spirituality is an interesting subject, but there were so many errors in this book that I began to question what was fact or or fiction in discussions of George's spiritual life.
__label__2 All that Jazz volume 4: I had looked all over for this CD. After I was about to give up, I checked Amazon.com, it was located without any trouble at all. The delevery was faster than I expected. The CD is great, Amazon.com was great, along with the vender that sold the CD.
__label__2 Another entry for the same CD: See my review under the disc's other entry, where you might find it cheaper as well:John Foulds: Seven Essays in the Modes, etc.
__label__2 INSPIRING!: I found "Sailing By Grace" to be very inspiring! Not only is this book a collection of wonderfully written poems, but the author has taken the time to include a Biblical truth that applies to each of his poems. His opening comments challenge the reader and put the poem in context to be enjoyed to its fullest. Truly a work of art from a man who loves his Lord, his family, his church and those whom he has had the privilege of impacting! I highly recommend this book!
__label__1 Sandy Shines Over the Other Material: "Moments" a track on the cd, is said to be Sandy's last recording. It is exquisite and worth the cost of the cd, which otherwise is not memorable and at times bothersome as Trevor Lucas' voice is very pedestrian compared with Sandy's.
__label__1 bad: these mats are poorly designed/made because the plastic is warped and there is no way to securely attach them to concrete (even with stickies).
__label__1 Not so smart parking mat: The mats move as the tire rolls over the first bump. This makes them useless as garage parking markers.
__label__2 Simply beautiful!: Me and my husband gave this book to each other on our wedding day, which was April 12, 2000. We both just LOVE these poems. The poems are reminding us of how special the little thing in life are... and how simple it really is to make each other happy if you are willing to make an effort for it. I can really recommend this book to everybody who wants to buy a romantic and useful present for the person you share your life with. Useful, because the poems are like guidelines for a succesful marriage. This is a great Valentine's Day of Anniversary present!
__label__1 buy 100 SIMPLE SECRETS OF HAPPY PEOPLE instead: This book is VERY boring and I had a hard time continuing to read it. It is one of the worst books I have ever read with very little valuable information. 100 SIMPLE SECRETS OF HAPPINESS is excellent and enjoyable and has a lot of quick valuable nuggets WITH NO 1 STAR REVIEWS. Please read the other 1 star reviews this book has by others before buying this book.
__label__2 Amazing and Inspiring!!: This is arguably the best of Iylana's books! This book touched me as it was a combination of Ms. Vanzant's personal anguish, trial and tribulations as well as her own victories coupled with the thought-provoking inspiration for which she is famous. INTERIORS is a story of one woman's personal journey through some of life's darkest valleys and in facing these demons, she rises like a phoenix into the realm of self-actualization, self-love and most importantly, self-respect.Although INTERIORS is an autobiographical journey of Iylanla Vanzant's life, it can be applicable to anyone who has experienced pain in their own life. It is guaranteed to touch some aspect of each reader in an intimately close manner. Through her pain and suffering, Ms. Vanzant opens up a path of nurturing and healing like none other!Reviewed by Nedine Hunterof The RAWSISTAZ Reviewers
__label__1 Not very useful: The book does have a lot of great examples, but that's it. Just examples. It shows you what the author created, and then how he did it. It is not very practical for creating your own DHTML scripts. If you try to create something that he specifically didn't do, you're lost with this book. Definitely not a reference book. I just glanced through this thing then stuck it in my desk and haven't touched it since. Graphics are pretty cool though..
__label__1 Not a good "Trap": I read the Husband and the Wife trap and I really enjoyed both. But I don't like the plot here. How could the hero not see her as a beauty even before the makeover? It seems that he was also shallow and only took notice of her with new hairstyle and gowns? Anyway, here's the turn off and let's fast forward to the scene when he told Eliza's cousin(the villain) to leave England permanently and even suggested to settle in France. Then on the epilogue, he was telling her about a job that would require them to live in France? How stupid was that? Were they following Pettigrew that they were going to be in the same place with the villain and might even crossed path again? Come on... where was your common sense Kit or better yet Ms. Warren.
__label__1 Dissapointing figure for an awesome character: Jazz was my favorite character in the movie. Unfortunitly, it seems the fate of his toy is on par with his fate in the 2007 movie. This sculpt makes Jazz look fat and dumpy. His "hands" are half-inch spikes of plastic that do nothing but fold out. On mine, the head would not fully pop out. The fold-down wheels at the feet just look silly. His telescoping sword is a cheap cop-out for a weapon, along with his spoiler supposedly doubling as a shield. The grey plastic looks horribly dull. Jazz is suppose to be about style and cool, not dull. Vehicle mode looks ok. I would pass on this guy.
__label__2 Healthy and yummy!: An oldie but a goodie. Book arrived promptly from a private seller. The recipes are healthy and yummy. It is possible to prepare and consume foods that benefit our bodies and brains and this book will help you do that. Recommend highly.
__label__2 The game plan: This is an amazing review of history and a blue print of the end. This book outlines the agenda of civilization and it's dire consequence. You can't help from not seeing this play out through the current events of today. Communisum is alive and well.
__label__1 Just a BAD Printer: I really want to like Lexmark; I live in Lexington, hometown of Lexmark HQ (all printers are made in China and Mexico), but this is the last one I will ever buy. It is just bad all around:- Feeder jams on just about anything you put in it.- The software is convoluted and confusing (and I work for a technology company!)The print quality is decent but the picture quality isn't good enough for printing photos which is one of the primary reasons I purchased the printer.Finally, the wireless connectivity doesn't work right and required me to physically unplug the printer anytime I wanted to print. FRUSTRATING! I ended up moving it so I could hard wire the machine.About the only positive I can think of is that it looks nice when it isn't printing. Take my advice, buy something else.
__label__1 WiFi doesn't cut it: I bought this for the WiFi capability, but it goes down constantly. If you disconnect/reconnect the power it usually works, but if I have to get up to do that, what is the point in having wireless. The printer also tells you that you are out of ink, way before you actually are. Other than that it has been alright. Web support is horrible and based on the reviews I am not even going to attempt to call tech support. I'm going to hook it up with USB until I can afford a new printer.
__label__2 Job Well Done...: I attended Junior High School with Denetria, she was singing then and she's still singing. This album is wonderful, and I am looking forward to hearing her future projects.
__label__2 Lighthearted Mystery: This is a fun, lighthearted mystery with lots of colorful, offbeat characters and Greenwich Village atmosphere. The sleuth is a milliner and while she's solving crimes she's also designing next season's hat collection.
__label__1 Phonics Read & Rhyme: Really awful program. I only purchased it because the school also uses it. The Karoke section makes no sense and it says to play a song, but then none of the buttons are enabled to play one. I called tech support and they said this is the way it's supposed to work until the child accumulates tickets. My daughter accumulated all of the tickets, but it still doesn't play any songs in the clubhouse.
__label__2 Takes my breath away: This disk is a truly amazing achievement. It combines heart-felt prayer with unbelievably gorgeous music, and provides an inspiring listening experience. To my mind, the most amazing thing about this music is its nearly universal appeal. People who are not Jewish find it compelling enough that they buy it and play it in their cars and at work.I find it spiritually uplifting and musically accomplished. There is another review here which describes the contents of the disk in detail, so I won't do that. Instead, I will just say that I loved this disk the first time I listened to it, and I like it more on each repetition.
__label__2 Wife likes it, but the color is a little different than it looks on Amazon.: Like the look of it. The actual product is red, but it looks a different hue of red than the photo on Amazon shows. The color difference wasn't disappointing to us, but we weren't trying to match it to anything. Just liked the hawaiian look.
__label__1 Horrible Media Player: I bought this Gameshark disk for the Media Player in hopes of playing MP3's on my PS2. After numerous attempts with each attempt ending in the Media Player just freezing up I finally gave up. I haven't looked at the other things on the disk, but as far as the Media Player, don't waste your money, it is junk. If it were possible I would give this product no stars based on the Media Player, but then I haven't looked at the other stuff on the disk.
__label__1 Disappointing: Looking for ways to extend my Spanish I like buying instructional CDs since I spend a lot of time in the car and it's a constructive use of that time. About half of the conversations is on CD, with no rhyme or reason as to what makes it to CD and what doesn't.
__label__1 Have lots of scratches on it!: For whatever reason when I opened the package the color was falling apart on several spots! Although the spots are big but they can be covered with the clothes hanging on it! Not satisfied with my purchase!
__label__1 Light Use Only !!!: I was originally very happy with this coat tree, but I now wish that I had shelled out a bit more money for a more sturdy and better built one. While it is easy to put together and provides easy access to all items with a revolving top, the design is poor and does not handle much weight. One of the legs broke away under stress after a month of use, and because of the design, is all but unrepairable without adding unsightly screws or straps for support. The legs have notches which slide in to grooves in the bottom of the center pole, and the notch on the leg is thin and easily breaks away. Also, the base of the coat tree is too narrow which causes it to topple over if the weight is unevenly distributed. I attempted to use it with 1 winter coat, 2 jackets, a full length dress coat, and 2 hooded sweatshirts, and ended up having to redistribute the items often.
__label__1 Cheap: Bought this coat rack to hold 3 coats by the door for the winter. Within the first week the support leg broke from the cheap construction of the leg supports. I would not waste your money on this rack.
__label__1 Outdated and slow, leading to little Magic.: Seeing as there are many other effecient and productive magical systems avaliable for study, it baffles me as to why anybody would want to waste their time crawling along with this one.If you want to actually DO some magic, rather than simply considering it, or stopping short of really trying it (as this course does), then look elsewhere. I suggest Donald Michael Kraig's superb "Modern Magick" if the GD tradition appeals. At least Kraig's book gets to the heart of the WHOLE POINT for doing it in the first place, unlike this volume, which only discusses it in scared little whispers.Magic has moved on, and it's time that fact was recognised once and for all.So... don't buy this book, unless you like the picture on the cover.
__label__2 This book is liberating to women everywhere: This book is liberating to women everywhere! The reason I bought this intriguing book was that my Grandmother Didi Moorman is actually in the book! pgs., 17, 111, 113, 120, 151.
__label__2 Love this idea!!!!: Great idea - my kids were so excited to turn them on and brush the whole time. They are a bit hard to turn on for my 3 and 5 year old so I have to do it for them (no big deal). They are at Target for $1 - stock up (why they are $6 on amazon is a mystery to me - what a rip off).
__label__2 Amazing...I was able to set it up in less than 10 minutes: I bought this item for my office for occasional watching of news or special event and to replace my 5" B/W tv. I was able to install this in minutes and it works extremely well. I can watch TV in a resizable window while working. The picture qyality is acceptable on full screen (17") but excellent in a 5" by 5" window. Sound quality, very good. The only thing that worries me it that the unit gets very hot...but it has vent holes all over for keeping it cool...so, maybe it is supposed to get that hot.I have not tried recording a program yet...but reading other reviews, I understand it maybe a problem. But, for $25 after mail-in-rebate from Buy.com...it is far superior than my 5" B/W TV with poor sound and flickering picture...I am going to give a proper burial to the B/W TV soon and reduce clutter on my desk.
__label__1 it died very fast: it only worked a coouple of times and then it just stoped, not a very good product
__label__2 Must Have: Don't be afraid of factory reconditioned. Mine arrived packed and perfect just like a new one except much less expensive. This is a great tool all around. The crown stops and vertical clamp should be included. I've taken the skin off my knuckles when I let one finger outside of the handle when lowering the blade. It gets caught by the blade guard and takes flesh right off. Minus 1 star for the blade guard removing my skin unecessarily.
__label__2 Nothing wrong with reconditioned: Seems to work great. I don't use it for a lot of heavy duty stuff, but for what I have used it for, I can't find any problems. Only negative might be the dust catcher (it doesn't seem to work very well) but I haven't ever seen one that does, so I still give it 5 stars.
__label__2 nearlyweds: Beth Kendrick is one of the few writers I'll read in the chick lit genre, and that is because her ideas are original. She stays away from a lot of this genre's cliches, and this book is no exception. It's great for a quick and fun read.
__label__2 Its wires: Pretty hard to F up wires. Everything in the description is there in the package. Quality of insulation on wires could be better. None other issues.
__label__1 TERRIBLE!!!!!!!!!!: This was the worst experience with this seller, trough Amazon.The item was damaged, used and dirty.I've tried contacting the seller and she just blew me off.buyer beware!!!!
__label__1 Beware of Headliner, no balls come with this order: The balls work great if you can find them. Beware of this sellers false headliner,"The Miracle Ball Method: Relieve Your Pain, Reshape Your Body, Reduce Your Stress [2 Miracle Balls Included] [Paperback]"NO BALLS come with this order and then your are stuck with a book that is not worth sending back.
__label__1 don't buy this product from alternate new and used sources!!: I have used this product and been very happy in the past. I gave my set away and wanted to replace it, so visited the Amazon site. My mistake was ordering from another source through Amazon, and although they show the product description as same with "2 miracle balls included", only a book arrived. I can tell you that you do not get the same results rolling around on the book. The 2 small balls make all the difference. Be sure that the product description is accurate. I was told by seller that they would not accept return.
__label__2 Some relief from back pain: I have some knots and general tightness in my back and was looking for something that might be helpful. I considered some of the back alignment products but hesitated because of the price. Since it costs a fifth of the price of a single massage I decided to try this product. I've only used it a short time, but feel that it has made a small positive difference.
__label__2 works great: I am a dog groomer and my muscles really take a beating. My massage therapist told me about these and how I should use them as maintenece. Wow! am I glad she did my neck and shoulder doesn't freeze up and I can work without pain
__label__2 Cured My 20+ Year Stiff Neck: By placing one ball under my neck and rolling my neck around for a few minutes, I am able to turn my neck while driving without feeling the usual stiffness and pain. In fact, I can roll my head in almost any direction without neck pain for the first time in at least 20 years. To work the sides of my neck, I placed one ball on a tailor's ham (used in sewing) so that my shoulder would have room while laying on my side with the ball fully supporting the side of my neck. After 15 minutes of gentle rolling my neck on each side, I have no side neck pain for the first time in decades. I can't recommend this product enough.
__label__1 not as I expected: I was so hopeful that this would work. When I used the balls, I found it painful and was very sore the next day. Might not be for people with fibromyalgia. I might try again but I'm a little wary.
__label__1 These little balls did very little to help my pain.: I am disappointed with this product. Most of the exercises are basic stretches, which do not require the balls. The balls do feel good while using them, but do not provide relief beyond that. In fact, I'm not so sure that they don't make painful areas worse. The smell of the balls is horrendous. I have no idea why everyone has written so many good reviews. I've had several of my friends try them out also and they think that they're just a waste of time. I would certainly not purchase again.
__label__2 Great invention: These balls do what they are supposed to do-relieve back pain. Love them. Gave a set to my brother-n-law who has back issues and they did the trick.
__label__1 This music requires an almost supernatural technique...: Composer Godowsky has beautifully augmented the Etudes of Chopin, adding textures and even extra melody lines, with just two hands expected to somehow play it all. Carlo Grante is a very good pianist, but this music requires amazing dexterity. This is a noble attempt, but too often Grante is forced to break the rhythm and fluidity of the pieces in order to accomodate the extra material. Many of the pieces are simply played too slowly. Imagine Chopin etudes plodding like dinosaurs, like someone's got a thumb on the record! Marc-Andre Hamelin has the supernatural technique to play these pieces well. Grante plays some of the studies well enough. It's interesting to hear him attempt some of the most complex pieces ever written. But perhaps he needs another few years of practice. Someone wrote that Grante has re-recorded these pieces for release this year. It should be VERY interesting to see what eight extra years of practice has yielded!
__label__1 Nonsense.: Grante has no idea at all of style appropriate to this idiom. Most of these are unrecognizable. No sense of texture, tone, legato, or anything else that would have meant anything to Godowsky. Check out Godowsky's American records, e.g. the Berceuse, (not the Columbias) to hear what I mean. As bad as I've heard since Szidon's hysterical Scriabin or Pollini's brutal Chopin. No bueno. Really no stars at all.
__label__2 Good place to start: Although a bit outdated (especially s far as examples and tables are concerned) this book is still a good starting point for those who wants to begin with their research in astro economics and astro trading: for example, if you have never read an Ephemeris table before then section two of the book will explain you how to do it. One important point: this book makes reference to moving planets "aspects" and their correlation with turning points in the market: it has little to do with financial astrology , here you will not find corporations' horoscopes, first trade dates or stuff like that. Another observation: this books is very simple to understand: the author writes about astronomical cycles without mentioning equations, signals theory and celestial mechanics concepts, great for beginners, maybe this a limit for those more into this subject.
__label__2 Excellent!: This is a WONDERFUL cd of solo and chamber works by this composer. It's amazing how much great music there is out there waiting to be discovered. This guy's music is amazing. It really pulled me in and captivated me. It is approachable, with lots of excitement, but also tons of heart. I'm hooked! Highly recommended!
__label__1 Technical Errors: There are so many books 'how-to' books out there on mosaic technique. Some are accurate, clearly based on extensive practical knowledge and experience, and some have very misleading and incorrect information. I'm afraid this book falls in the former category. When an author mentions using Elmers craft glue to create a mosaic or seal a substrate, then I would hesitate to trust any of the other information in the book.For a proven 'how-to' book on creating mosaics, I would suggest 'Mosaic Techinques and Traditions' by Sonia King or any of the books by Emma Biggs, Tessa Hunkin, or Elaine Goodwin. These are all working mosaic artists and instructors and the techniques they share can be counted on to provide you with a solid foundation in this wonderful art form.
__label__2 Great calming liquid: I got a rescue dog and for the first few days he was very difficult. When I left he would bark and howl for hours. My rescue contact suggested that I try Good Boy. After one day of adding it to his water, he became totally different. Slept like a baby while I was gone and when I got home was back to normal. It seemed like I was drugging him b/c it was so effective. But he is very normal and active whenever I was around. Odd. After a few days I decided to stop putting it in his water b/c I was worried that it was too much. But after that, he just stayed calm all the time. I think it helped him make the transition to being in a new house with a new owner. Ever since then, he has been just fine and not hyper active anymore. It really saved the day for me! (and him...) I recommended it to my friends with over-active dogs and I'm waiting to hear what they say after they buy it for their dogs.
__label__2 Spell binding civil war stories.: Great collection of classic and some little known tales from a terrific story teller. A master of irony, descriptiveness and sucker-punching endings. You won't be sorry.
__label__2 I came back to WaterPik: I had owned a WaterPik showerhead in my previous house.When I moved into this house 15 months ago I purchased a different brand to save a few dollars.I finally went back to WaterPik and I can comfortably say it is definitely worth the few extra dollars.
__label__2 My son LOVES this book: My son is 7 months and loves this book. This says a lot since I can't get him to hold still to change his diaper - yet he will sit and let me read him this book over and over. Great for learning bye-bye, peek a boo, and mama/dada and the 'pop-up' Baby Elmo at the end is great and always gets a baby laugh! I am actually going to buy a couple of copies as gifts as well as some of the other books in the series. I highly recommend this book!
__label__2 Makes me laugh: Had to have it, laughed when I first saw it. It's been outside my door for two weeks now, and still looks good. May not last a very long time because of the light color, but it was a good purchase for me.
__label__1 Not the real book: I thought this was the real book, but it was just the study guide. Make sure to buy the actual book, not the study guide.
__label__1 They say it is in stock, not so: Today I get this email from ANTOnlineWe are so sorry to inform you, stock has not arrived as planned for your purchase in our warehouse setup to ship to your location. We are expecting a re-supply truck to arrive with more stock in 5-7 business days. We will ship your order then if you can accept this small delay.Please reply to this email letting us know that it is OK to ship when the stock arrives.Thanks for your order and understanding this small delay.The Support Team at ANTOnlineThe website seed that the item was in stock so i ordered it to replace a power supply in my server. I expected it to ship today! There now emailing me saying that it is not in stock.
__label__2 Tells the True Story: I think that this book was a great example of a true biography of a person. Ricky Martin is a great preformer who has only been on this earth for such a short time and has already achived so much sucess with much more to come. This book portrays his life in a great light and allows the reader to feel as if they know Ricky after reading this book. It is not a teen bopper book about Ricky but rather a window into his exciting and sometimes heart breaking life's story.
__label__1 Large Butter Knife: Knife arrived dull, with an uneven edge. I'll never buy a another premium grade knife without be able to physically check the edge. I wanted a large "sharp" hunting knife for the upcoming moose season, and what I got was a very attactive dull knife that I can't get to take an edge. I thought I was safe buying from Buck, but I guess quality is a thing of the past.
__label__1 incredable JUNK!!!!!: After owning this knife for about a year the hanle broke off this cheeseball piece of Buck trash! I paid alot for this unit just to have it break on me ,and if you repair there knife so you can use it that voids the Buck warranty, it costs Buck almost nothing to produce this cheeseball pile of drivle, up yours Buck,I would not take this with me into the woods or steelhead fishing, you want a knife you can depend on and buck is not it!! That is the first and last buck I will ever own or purchase, I have a cheap survival knife from China that I paid $8 for and it has really held up with no problems whatsoever and it holds an edge very well for what I paid for the CHEESEBALL buck trash knife I could buy six survival knives that would last several lifetimes, BUCK SUCKS, lets repeat that BUCK SUCKS, this is the worst company I have ever dealt with bad warranty extremely bad products, and you still suck the big one Buck!!!!
__label__2 best knife ever!!!: I am a jusat a regular guy like most of you who are reading this. My older brother bought me this knife 4 years ago for my first trip to BWCA (I'v gone the following 3 years as well). I love this knife! I still bring a Gerber multi-tool, but there is no matching my Buck Knife. It does everything, and I mean everything. It has good weight, a great sheath, and holds it's edge. I have totally abused this knife and it still looks and works incredible. There is no better knife for the money! I am a regular guy from Wisconsin, and this is my honest opinion. FYI My Dad also has this knife from over 20 years ago from when we used to live in Alaska and it is also still in great shape.
__label__2 Good game Bad graghics: The game is good but grghics bad you know i like the game style because i played all the old versions but it is fun to play..............
__label__2 Doesn't Get Any Better!!: What fun it was to sit with my child just 5 minutes a day and watch her become a reader in short order!!
__label__2 More than I espected! Great read: What an awesome book. It was more than I expected and in such good condition. I use it as a referance in my studies. Has shed a greater deepth of the Bible in the days of Genesis.
__label__1 latin pap: an OK singing voice with a lot of bland orchestral wallpaper; I really don't like this kind of format generally. I could hardly believe the height of the praise in most of the other reviews. Never heard Luis Miguel before but because of other latin sounds I had quite high expectations. Be sure you know what you're getting before you buy this. ...
__label__2 classical luis miguel!: Yes I have heard the critics. But let's get real this is Luis MIguel's style. And why should he change into something he's not. He's more Frank Sinatra than he is Elvis Presley and you know what? He is comfortable with that. This Album is a great master piece and has the collaboration of such great composers as the argentine composer Bebu Silvetti and His Mexican compatriot The master of such hits as "It's impossible", "Adore", and "Yesterday I heard the rain", the legendary Armando Manzanero. This album celebrates love and not sexuality. The songs that stand out in this album are "Sol arena y mar", "o tu y ninguna", "Quiero" Dimelo en un Beso" and "Tu solo Tu." This album is a combination of pop/Jazz/ballad/classical woven together. This album has up tempo songs and easy listening romantic songs. Overrall this is one of Luis Miguel's best albums. And it includes songs written by the artist himself. The Mexican superstar did a job that he can be proud of!
__label__2 Escuchar a Luis Miguel es un Placer: Ana Soto escribe: cada cancin me hace sentir algo diferente todo relacionado con la pasin, el amor y la fuerza que Luis Miguel desprende cuando canta una cancin. Creo que es lo mejor que he escuchado de Luis Miguel en los 15 aos que llevo siguiendole. REALMENTE ES UN PLACER ESCUCHARLO.
__label__2 This book explained a LOT!: If you grew up with brothers and sisters, you'll easily recognize yourself in this book as your position in the family is clearly and well identified based on your birth order. This book will surprise you! As a grown adult, it was extremely interesting to read about the patterns that "first born" and other siblings exhibit in their lives. And, it explains that there can be more than one "first born"! The author has really pegged this topic and I'm confident that, while you may not fit every pattern, you'll find that you recognize yourself as you read. It's a great read that we have lent others and received the same reviews.
__label__2 4 stars without testing: Hi. I haven't bought this game yet (but i want to and i am debating between this and UNO) but i think it's pretty good by the customer reviews. I love video games, but i am not too good with them, so this would be a perfect challenge for me. I think that the different levels would be a good challenge for everyone that loves (or even likes) video games. I rate this four stars because i haven't played this (yet...) but i think it's great!
__label__2 This game absolutely rocks!: This game is one of the best ones I have ever played on game boy, nintendo, playstation and game boy color! It is challenging, fun, and has great graphics! You can replay the levels you've won in challenge, battle with other players, have your fortune told, and even do bonus levels! You have got to get this game, peeps!
__label__2 Good Starter: This book is best used for those people who do not know exactly how to put information together, but do know what they want to add in thier essay. If you do not have previous experience in anything and do not have a story, well then this book is not for you. It gives you great ideas to add into your essay, but it does not spoon feed you the method. The examples in the back are not the best, but they help you draw out some ideas that you would not have otherwise remembered or deemed important.
__label__1 Essays that get into law school?: Most of these essays are garbage, foreign to what most people need to know. I'm shocked that some of these people got into law school. I'm starting to figure out why the profession is a dying one and why no one respects it.Get another one, or search deeper. This is simply a PC book of garbage and generic information on how to write an essay that you learned your first two years as an undergrad.
__label__2 Buck is synonomous with superb quality.: I purchased this knife as a more "traditional" pocket knife to carry on certain occasions. It is honestly a bit heavy for pocket carry, because it is sturdy and thick; however, that is why a sheath also comes with it. Regardless, I am very happy with my purchase, and would recommend Buck Knives to anyone who would want a quality knife.
__label__1 Great for beginners to programming weak for actual developer: This book is really the only book available so you have no choice right now. This book was blatantly written for 1.0, which may be ok. It offers great simple examples but offers very little to no help for serious development. Light reading, can finish the book in 3-4 days
__label__1 Absolute Junk: It is ashame a reputable comany has not picked this idea up and made a quality, dependable product out of it. It is a priceless idea for the repairmen/technicians. The unit I received did not work on any drive... it was just "sweat shop" made junk, never tested or QA'd. It was even some generic product... there was no name anywhere on the item or the box.
__label__1 Doesn't work: This device, rarely, if ever, works.It sometimes is recognized by the computer as being connected, and then doesn't show the drive correctly. I have tested this device on three different computers with 4 different IDE drives before I wrote this review.
__label__1 UCK: Sabrent USB-2535 Hi-Speed USB 2.0 to IDE Cable for 2.5-inch/3.5-inch/ 5.25-inch Drives & Devices With POWER AdapterThis item is not compatable with 2.5 inch drives as advertised
__label__1 Bad Product: Tried this on a laptop drive. Drive powered up when connected to USB 2.0 port, but that is as far as it got - never showed up on computer. Borrowed an external enclosure from a co-worker that worked just fine, so it wasn't my laptop drive.What a waste of money.
__label__1 Perfect for tech geeks GREAT FOR BACKING UP: I sure needed this thing my old pc burned out so i needed access to my hard drive and this is the solution for my needs it worked like a charm but my first try i shocked my first hard drive what i did was plug it in the wall and then to my hard dish it shocked it and killed that hard drive...but i learned now you have to connect the usb to pc then the power supply to the HD then lastly to the wall...SO I ASK ANY ONE THAT BUYS THIS TO BE CAREFUL IT CAN BE TRICKY IF YOU DON'T KNOW---LUCKY FOR MY I TESTED IT ON A HARD DRIVE THAT WAS'NT THAT IMPORTANT TO ME O AND ((I also tryed it with my dvd burner and burned a movie with the burner connect to usb)) it rocksI THINK THE POWER SUPPLY BURNT OUT ON ME I GUESS THATS BECAUSE IT'S CHEAP IM BUYING A BETTER ONE ..ONE WHERE THE POWER SUPPLY HAS A ON AND OFF WHICH
__label__1 Sabrent USB-2535 USB 2.0 to IDE cable: Good cable to use with spare HDDs. However, for some reason, the USB connector requires inserting and removing from the computer USB connector in order for computer to recognize the Sabrent USB-2535. It is a little frustrating, but it permits me to be able to use the several HDDs that I have collected from old computers without spending too much money for individual external HDD cases.
__label__1 Lame Book - Waste of Money!!: What a rip off. A 1st grader would be upset with this lazy, primer. Don't waste your cash. Anyone who has ever had a basic medical term, A&P; or hematology class could have written this. Did not learn anything to help with test. I bought it based on earlier good reviews. The author's relatives must have written them.Kathryn A. Kalanick "Phlebotomy Technician Specialist: Certification Exam Review" (also on Amazon) includes an excellent CD with study and test questions based on ASCP, AMT and NCA topics. The book is very good. Detailed review sections, with illustrations tests. Made a high score with this book. (I'm not related to anyone connected with this book!)Phlebotomy Technician Specialist: Certification Exam Review (Phlebotomy Technician Specialist Certification Exam Review)
__label__2 Good filter: Good filter, It works excellent. It was my first time I bought this brand. I think is a excellent brand.
__label__2 Blowing in the Wind - Will they return?: Magnificent flute music to keep the cobwebs away, whether it is heard from the bustling kitchen or from the music room in a quiet moment. A pity it is no longer available.
__label__2 Peformance Theory - what is great and what is not in the electronic edition: This is a great book and one that is indispensible for the theatre academic or practitioner. I had it in paper and I decided to buy it kindle format for convenience. There is one problem that I found in some of the kindle books: graphics are not well scanned - small fonts in the graphics are not readable.
__label__1 Lacking.: In 1986, no doubt Ronald Shannon Jackson had a challenge on his hand-- the Decoding Society had pretty much scattered, and with the loss of such powerful musicians, assembling a new band to succeed them was a difficult task. The second generation Decoding Society, guitarist Cary DeNegris, bassist Reginald Washington, violinist Akbar Ali and saxaphonist Eric Person on this recording persons in conjunction with African singers/percussionists Twins Seven Seven. The result of the collaboration, while interesting, lacks much of the fire that the older Decoding Society had.By and large the pieces are invested in funky African rhythms, they have a nice sound, the playing is good all around (particularly Washington, who adds a good slap funk sensibility and slithers nicely between Jackson's rhythms), but there's by and large something really quite unfulfilling about the record. It just doesn't burn. The band did much better work, this is a curiosity piece more than having any intrinsic value.
__label__2 OK mat: The cops thought it was funny, but it turns out they already had one. Woud you happen to have a mat that says "Send bail bondsman"?
__label__1 Great film - horrible DVD.: If you're looking for a bizarre, violent, psychedelic western, with an amazing soundtrack then this movie is for you! Unfortunately, this DVD version suffers from constant heavy compression artifacts (or "blocky" pixelization that is especially noticeable in the bright out of focus shots and darker scenes) not dissimilar to bargain-bin, dollar DVD's.This is one of the most disappointing DVD's in recent memory (especially with a $20 price tag) that should be avoided unless you have absolutely no other way to see the film.
__label__1 The book is a confused intoduction to the Kabbalah: Chic Cicero has produced a book that is simply a regurgitation of material that can easily be found in the works of Isreal Regardie. The basic premise of the book is that the Kabbalah can best be grasped as a physical reality by walking through the tree. The book lacks any focus on what the Tree of Life is in spiritual terms and instead is a compilation of correspondences from Crowley's 777. From a pragmatic piont of view the exercise of "Walking the Tree" simply cannot be done in a normal sized room.
__label__1 Not as promising as it seems: I picked up this book on a whim and I just could not make it through half of the book. I was dissappointed and now think twice before buying this author again.
__label__2 More like 4and 1/2: It was terrific. It was so much better than I dared hope for. It had it all. I absolutely loved it until almost the end when Lazar pushed Allegra away because he was afraid for her. It's not that this bothered me since so many romance novels seem to do this, it was how viciously he did this. It was almost perfect.
__label__1 could not finish it: this book did not work for me. it is pretty sensual but still i could not get into it.just a typical subpar romance that does not have any special quality to it. they have sex too late in the book and after that i really didn't care. i like books that can interest me even after the h/h have sex the first time. this book feels like it dragged on about the first sex because it does not have a lot to offer.
__label__2 A book to be taken little by little: Rogues and Vagabonds takes place over quite sometime and has some flash backs. The book is so well written that it is easy to follow.I'm taking my time reading to really reflect on the characters because as it says on the back of the book, it's such a conundrum to figure them out as they change so much over time. I haven't even finnished and already three other people are in line to read it. It's great for anyone in the arts business or anyone even thinking of becoming an actor, it paints a picture of what actors go through, the ups and downs. I love this book and recomend it to everyone
__label__1 WARNING, INFERIOR BUILD QUALITY: I had a pair years ago, sounded great and built like a tank with Birch Plywood, Just got a pair and they are half the speaker they used to be, i.e. they still sound great, but they are built like crap using MDF and glue guns. Save your money and buy a speaker from a company that cares about build quality as much as they do sound. Also, dont buy the excuses that they use high quality MDF and it has tighter tolerances,better resins, blah-blah, crap material is crap material.
__label__1 Terrible bra!: One of the worst bra I've ever purchased. Ordered my normal size and the fit was terrible. Unfortunately, I'm stuck with it and it can't be returned.
__label__2 Breezies Applique bra: Great seller and price! Very comfortable bra and gives nice shape to your bustline under clothes.
__label__2 Very Soft: I am very difficult to fit. The material used in this bra is very soft; however, the fit is not very comfortable. It is probably just me. I would say the product is great.
__label__1 WanderLOST: A lot of books seem to be taking the approach this one does in terms of writing - completing the whole story in the form of e-mail correspondence between the main characters. While it was a novel approach at first, it has started to wear thin and I kind of wish writers wouldn't use it so frequently. In nay case, this book lacks character depth because of how it is formatted (emails only) and it's hard to follow the thread of the story sometimes because of it. The central plot was a romance, a triangle romance, where the heroine is caught between 2 lovers. It wasn't a really good book and I wouldn't recommend it. The characters were not very interesting and the exploits of the main character were not as adventurous as the title and preview made it seem. I think the story would have actually worked much better if it had written in a traditional format.
__label__1 Dont order from worldofbookusa!: It has been a month since I ordered this book from worldofbookusa and I still have not received it. I'm sure the book is great but the supplier is not.
__label__1 haunted: A boring and uninteresting book I managed to plow through to page 105 then just could not take any more. Possibly without the teenage daughter it might have had a chance.If there was a zero on rating it would have got my vote.
__label__1 Big letdown: Like several other people have commented, I purchased this book based on the excellent reviews. It is a decent story at best. Several things need to be said: it is NOT, by any stretch of the imagination, scary. There are several creepy sequences, but that is it; NOT horror. Second, the book does essentially NOTHING - a very slow, boring, tedious, and pointless "build" - until the last 100 pages (out of 480 is ridiculous). It really isn't building much. It could have been said easily in 150 pages vs 380. All-in-all, I would chalk this up to a bunch of people reviewing being a little downsy, as well as ridiculous. Anyone that says this is "scary!" or "terrifying!" shouldn't read horror novels whatsoever. I've read my share of horror fiction, and this is easily the worst and least scary.
__label__1 Disappointed: I have to admit that I was very disappointed with the novel after reading the glowing reviews. This book was probably one of two books I have never finished. I just could not bring myself to complete it. I honestly found no character that pulled me in emotionally. Everyone seemed to be caricatures of one fault or another, including the father and daughter. In all honesty, my opinion of almost every book or movie rests with the abilty to care about at least one character. In this book, I found no one. I was turned off by every person in the story. And as for the chills, I did not see what the other reviewers saw.I have never been one to put someone off of something. But this time I just had to write something down. Judging by all of the other reviews, I am in the extreme minority. I may give another of Tamara Thorne's novels a try. It may have just been this particular book.
__label__1 False Advertising: Terrible:First of all what is pictured appears to be all copper wire. What I got with my purchase was one side copper and one side silver colored wire.Second-this is not 10 gauge wire-it is smaller than 12 gaugeThird problem-Spool is advertised as 50 feet. My spool contained 43 feet. It appears from other reviews of speaker wire from this same manufacturer/distributor that they are systematically shorting each spool. This is not a 1 time mistake.Cannot recommend this product
__label__2 mothers powerball mini: The mothers powerball mini is a great product for polishing the aluminum parts on my bike but I found that it was almost as easy to do it by hand with a rag. This gave me just as good if not better results than the powerball. Also the powerball tears very easily especially in tight areas where it can catch on areas of the bike which is the reason for the 4 star rating.
__label__2 A Wiersbe classic that all should read: Christianity is a relationship between God and each believer, with Jesus being the mediator (First Timothy 2:5). That relationship sometimes breaks down because we frail humans always want to take the easy way out. The easy way out is to make rules about how we should live, such as "never drink alcohol" and "never go to movies." Wiersbe explains why rules like those are detrimental to a believer's growth. He explains in simple but precise ways that the Law of Moses was intended to cause each of us to realize two things: (1) we cannot please God by following the Law because we can't follow the Law (2)and the Law was designed to teach us that we need a savior from the Law. That savior is none other than Jesus, the mediator between a holy God and unholy mankind. Wiersbe's book is simply a great book. Read it and Be Free!
__label__1 Time consuming projects!: I love Volume 1 of this series. It has simple, easy to create products. This volume contains much more time intensive projects. Even my avid scrapbook buddies agree that this book is definately not as good as the first one.
__label__1 DISAPPOINTED ALSO: BOUGHT THESE SLIPPERS A COUPLE OF DAYS AGO, AND THE SOLE IS FALLING APART BIT BY BIT FROM WHERE ITS ATTACHED TO THE UPPER. DO NOT BUY!!!
__label__2 Following the Endless Road: So, I would never normally pick up a CD like this. But one has to admit that when someone comes out with a pedigree of music like Tuff Jeff, one perks up and listens. The guy has played with some of the Ramones and even worked with David Bowie, you know? So, I can say I was honestly impressed. The CD's got that old school rock and roll feel that everyone can appreciate. It's definitly worth listening to!
__label__2 Historical romance, A Gentle Giving: I just finished A Gentle Giving, by Dorothy Garlock, and it was wonderful! This one was not one of my favorites of hers, but it was very good. Willa actually escaped a house in flames, caused by the angry townsfolk, in nothing more than ther nightgown. The family she joins up with, lends her clothing... so not even owning the clothing on her body, she is thrust into the hard life of a wagon trail. When the father is killed, leaving behind two teenagers to fend for themselves, Willa chooses to help them get to their next of kin in the Big Horn Mountains. This was an excellent read... and I'm off to read The Listening Sky by Dorothy Garlock now.
__label__1 cheap mouse: Left and right click buttons are not very responsive. Sometimes, you do not know if you clicked or not. Other than that, it works.
__label__2 This is a fun game: This game is kinda fun. I wouldn't say it is the best game ever, but it is still fun.
__label__1 Action packed but hard to enjoy: It is the newest thing for hollywood directors to give you the moving camera action shot. To my knowledge the new James Bond Series does it most...and best. However there have been tons of other films that have attempted to emulate this technique and have failed..sadly 12 rounds is one of them. The moving camera is supposed to give the viewer the feeling of being in the action, or an actual by stander to it..and does work sometimes. The problem with 12 rounds is that there is barely a steady shot in the whole film. This film seems like it was directed by a first time director with no real concept of filming a movie. Instead of feeling like you are at the scene of the action, the busy camera is distracting and diminishes from what might have been a better film in the hands of a more competent director....and Mr. Cena..doesn't help..he's not the greatest lead...and needs better support in front of and behind the camera if he is going to shine.
__label__1 Not worth buying at all: Unfortunately there is no much details inside, it is not saying or showing how to exercise for the whole body, all what he is doing is posing in front of mirrors, I got no benefit from buying it & I do NOT recommend any one to buy it, thanks
__label__2 guitar album delux: i bought this item because of jackie king a guitarist of some interest. although king's solo career is spotty , his work under the influence, and structure, of willie nelson is king's best. king is given free reign in this session and runs the gamut from frantic to west coast western swing. the tracks without nelson are showcases for king. but it is nelson who brings variety and grounding to the session. he also solos on these cuts ( at length on "my window faces south") and does some fine playing in a jazz vein. if you like this i would also recommend the earlier collaboration angel eyes.
__label__2 Surprisingly moving: Although a documentary, it was a surprisingly moving and warm film. The main character, the faithful monk Tenzin, is very likable, and your heart goes out to him when he expresses doubt that he is up to the task of finding his teacher's new incarnation. There is a scene where he revisits his late teacher's now-abandoned and ruined retreat home, and he is overwhelmed with sorrow and begins to cry. Depictions like that abound in this film - moments of touching human-ness that make you realize that people are the same all over the world. There are also moments of joy, like the scene where Tenzin and his reincarnated master, now a very young boy, are both trying as fast as they can to make bottles of soda pop foam up and spill out over the glass. This is not a story about Buddhism as much as it is a story about love.
__label__2 Sunset War; 41st Infantry Div: A gift for my Father. He was in the 41st during WWII. He enjoyed it thoroughly.
__label__2 Mind Expansion 101: This book really puts the world into perspective, at least it did for me. Readers would be hard-pressed not to walk away from it with some sort of brain change or alteration to their reality tunnel. The exercises are nice because it puts the content of the pages into an empirically tangible medium.... and yes, you will spot a few "quarters"...hahaha...Although it was written late in Wilson's career, I think it is a good book of his to start with because it isn't too jargon-laden. I also recommend the Cosmic Trigger series....
__label__1 My last Koontz book for a while......: I have found Koontz to be a masterful storyteller in all of the books that I have read by him (Phantoms, Watchers, From the Corner of His Eye, Intensity), but this book was horribly and unnecessarily wordy and cumbersome. The desriptions of everything from the lawn to the moonight were ridculously lengthy and the dialogue throughout was unrealistic and misguided. Pray that this book comes out as a movie, b/c it will take you MUCH longer than two hours to needle through.Wanna read a wonderful book? Try "The Weight of Water" by Anita Shreve....it's wonderful!
__label__2 Great reading!: This is a great mix of scenes, all convulging on the same story. The characters are so well-written, that as the story unfolds, you cry with them, laugh with them, are driven to experience all of their emotions, amazements and frustrations as if you were with them all the time.Very excellent reading.
__label__1 Slow and tedious: I have always enjoyed Koontz and his books, but this is too long, and wordy. In paperback it was 681 pages, it could have been done under 400. It is a rambling and tedious book to read. While I felt I should put it down, I skimmed it, and still got the story. I am one who could have easily put it down at any time. I guess a great author gets his name, and then can write anything and it will be a best seller.
__label__1 One Door Away from Heaven: I have read many, many Koontz books...can't ever put them down, however, this one is not very well written. It is EXTREMELY choppy, bouncing back and forth with no real story plot. I am 1/2 way through (has taken over 2 months) and there still is no rhyme or reason to this book. If you love Koontz, I think you'll be disappointed. I was. My husband is almost done with the book and says it doesn't get any better....
__label__2 Excellent odyssey through the human experience!: While this wasn't as suspenseful as Intensity, which I believe is Koontz's best work, this is an excellent story with very vivid characters, particularly that of Leilani, a handicapped girl. This story reminds us of what is truly important in this life and to not identify people by their limitations. It's laugh out loud funny at times and definitely keeps you turning the pages. He really gives you an insight into the daily lives and tribulations of ordinary people you might otherwise ignore and depicts them in bizarre circumstances at times that give them an opportunity to show their inner strength in a truly memorable way. It's a book that will make you think and will entertain you in the process!A great summer read!Lynne LoganAuthor of The Crime Chronicles of Decker Zane
__label__1 One door away from boredom: I have read most, if not all of Dean Koontz's novels and have loved just about every one of them. However, I found this one the most boring of all and couldn't wait until the end. I usually can read his novels in a short amount of time, but this one I found hard to pick up night after night. Nice try, can't wait for his next one, hope it's better than this.
__label__1 Ugh! A labor to read and I'm a Koontz fan: The book jumps chapter to chapter slowly describing the characters and does little to tie them together. I usually read Koontz's books so rapidly that I'm disappointed when they're over. This book has been a trudgingly slow and boorish read. In comparison to "Ticktock" or "Watchers" or a host of others, this one is a real sleeper. Sometimes I scan a chapter and see nothing, then go back to read it in detail and find the same. What a disappointment. Pick another one of Koontz's books. Not this one.
__label__1 One Door Away From Unbelievable: I love Mr. Koontz and have long read his novels...Watchers, Intensity, Odd Thomas and so on but this was dissappointing, not to mention just plain depressing. And come on with the corny slap-stick banter between the characters! Okay okay, we know the 9 year- old Leilani has a high IQ but REALLY! She speaks like a 50 year-old rocket scientist and cracks jokes with every sentence? These characters were too unbeliveable for me to get into. Therefore, I put it down after 350 pages of this twattle. Koontz has done much better in the past.Lastly, let's keep dogs out of your next few novels, please? It's getting a bit old. How about a smart cat or raven for your next novel, maybe mixed with some more down-to-earth folks that speak like real people do?
__label__1 Early disapointment: I never read anything by Koontz, and apparently this was a bad choice to be my first. I read only a part of Kindle sample, and simply could not continue. Mr. Koontz: one does not describe a precocious 9-year old by describing an adult, then declaring her a superintelligent child.Sigh, another bestselling author on my "don't touch with a ten foot pole" list...
__label__1 Worst Porduct I've Ever Tried: I just received this item today and headed straight to the tanning salon after work. I rubbed it all over my face and body before I realized that my whole face was on fire. I looked in the mirror and realized my whole body was red. I then ran to the bathroom and washed my face. I then threw on my cloths and ran home to shower this stuff off and cover myself in benadryl. I have never had an allergic reaction like this in my life. I never even got in the tanner, it was all from this lotion. I have been using another Satori Sol product at the salon and loved it. The one with cooling. This one has tingle, which I am apparently alleric too. Try a small packett (or don't) before you buy a whole bottle of this.
__label__1 Music for the bagpipe but not by the bagpipe.: Very disappointing for those who love to hear the Great Highland Pipe. Most of the songs have too many instruments to count, and if the pipes are playing you can't hear them clearly. If you are wanting to hear bagpipe music played on the GHP, look elsewhere.
__label__1 The worst!: I got this to replace the $9.00 kitchen clock we had by our pool (which despite getting rained on worked for two-plus years). We had just redone our yard and I decided to splurge on something nice (it was "outdoor" and copper so I justified the outrageous price). First of all the face was copper not white (as shown) which made it hard to see the time from a distance. This was not a problem however because it stopped keeping the correct time after a couple of weeks. It never stopped completely but the time would vary from 2 to 5 hours off everyday. It was almost a joke to see what time "Broke Ben" would say when we went out. If it had been my $9.00 Walmart special this all would be funnier. I'm glad to see this item is currently unavailable. I wish it would have been before I got suckered.
__label__2 fits, easy install: This fit my 1997 Saturn SL1, was easy to install, and looks and operates just like the original.
__label__1 Not good at all....: The only GOOD thing about this phone case is that has a little weather protection and in some situations protects the phone from shocks/drops and that obviously looks cool.The swivel adaptor collapses after 2-4 months of usage, so it makes the release button useless, the phone case will release itself with just a little pressure in the bottom, even if you don't push the release button, the case will fall if you are getting out/in of your car. Think twice before you buy it.
__label__2 Squirmy Wormy is Tops!: Peacock Studios has released an absolutely delightful album that will appeal to children of all ages (and adults too!) These songs will stay with you your whole life. If I could give Squirmy Wormy a 6 star rating I would!
__label__2 Low Budget But Worth Every Penny: Van Damme portrays a streetfighter who gets caught up in the middle of a raw fighting hard hitting circuit.He keeps fighting to raise money for his brothers family who needs the money or they'll become homeless.The storyline is cheap and the flick itself is low budget but the fight scenes are supurb and the acting on Van Dammes part is excellent.In my opinion of course this movie is the greatest low budget action film available on the market today,if you like martial-arts films instead of explosions and basic killing spree action films than lionheart is your ticket to everything you want to see...Enjoy!
__label__2 great for carpal tunnel syndrome: these gloves were recommended to me by a physical therapist who treated me for carpal tunnel syndrome, and they are wonderful. the splint on top provides support but is flexible enough to allow a good range of motion. the beads on the bottom cushion the wrist and keep the hand in a good position while typing. I wear these gloves day and night, and I am able to do almost everything with them on - write, use the computer, do housework, etc.
__label__2 Very fun but...: I probably should have gotten something a little more traditional while I'm still learning. This music is fun and WONDERFUL, but has a lot of opportunities for a little bit of theatrical movement, and as a beginner, I can barely get the basics down right now. BUT a wonderful add to any collection, I'm still listening to it even if I don't know what I'm doing!
__label__2 Part 2 drops june 2: FOR ALL THOES WHO LOVES MS CLARKS BOOKS AS MUCH AS I DO MAKE SURE TO GET PART 2 TOO THIS ONE. WHICH WAS OFF THE CHAIN!!!!!!!!! GO CHECK OUY HER MYSPACE OR WEBSITE TO SEE FOR YOUR SELF
__label__1 defective: Standard AV cables worked fine and very convenient. My fiber optic audio out did not work however which was one of the main reasons for the purchase. NO INFO on manufacturers website about problems. Tried calling the support line and it just tells me the voicemail is full. No response from their tech support through email after 4 days of waiting. Just returning the item for a refund. Companies like this don't deserve my business. Everything with Amazon however was good as always.
__label__2 So glad to find one of my favorite exercise videos from the 90's back again! And now on DVD!: Great fat burning video that is joint friendly and is a good workout! Happy to find this one again and now on DVD!
__label__2 Much safer than plastic!: I am slowly changing all my food storage containers over to glass instead of plastic. Glass is much safer to store your food in (especially when heating food). This was a great value and over all I am pleased with the set. A couple of the bowls have a slight odd shape to them which can make it tricky to get the lids on.
__label__1 Good idea, but needs help!: We bought these bowls about 4 months ago from Amazon. I was thrilled to have glass storage for reheating. However, as others have complained, the bowls have straight sides, so they don't nest well. They are now chipping on the edges and we've had to throw several out. It's past the Amazon return period.The other problem is that the box came with one less lid than needed.Find a better set. This one just has too many problems.
__label__2 does the job: I wanted to get away from plastic storage containers and BPA and so on. These fit the bill. And the fact that you can reheat leftovers in the heavy duty glass containers is a big plus. Rubberized tops could be better designed, but are really serviceable.
__label__2 Happy With Pyrex!: I love Pyrex everything! We are trying to get away from the use of so much plastic and disposables, so I purchased this set for home storage and for carrying our lunch to work. These are great! The lids seal tightly and we've had no leaks. I would advise against stacking these together though: I did have two get stuck and one of them chipped slightly getting them apart. I store them with the lids on to prevent this from happening again. I also love that these are American Made! I will be purchasing more sets of these.
__label__2 Great Quality: I love these. Nice sizes. Wish at least a few were rectangular. Don't like that lids are a part of the "piece" count. I don't dish wash. Hand wash only. Scared of chipping after reading the other reviews. If you take care of them, they should last.
__label__1 If some lids are missing...: .... Amazon will not handle the problem but rather tell you to contact the manufacturer of this product.I received this product with several missing lids.
__label__2 Good Product, value for money: I was skeptical of getting glass ware for daily use, but decided to try after reading the reviews. I also wanted to move away from plastic containers. The Pyrex set is really practical and I find it a staple in the kitchen now. The value for money is great and I ended buying an additional set as well.
__label__2 Great buy: was everything I hoped it would be at a great price! Pyrex is a great brand and very durable. Would recommend to anyone looking for long lasting storage sets.
__label__2 great!: I was looking for some non-plastic containers to put leftovers in, and these did the trick! It does come with a LOT more smaller pieces than I'll probably ever use, but I liked the size of the bigger ones they put in, so I'm very happy with it.
__label__2 works well: I like leftovers...these work great. They have a couple that are the perfect size for a leftover lunch, as well as some bigger options that will hold a cut-up personal size watermelon.One flaw: they do not hold liquid well. They will leak if turned on their side.
__label__2 satisfactory purchase: The item was as pictured and delivered in a reasonable amount of time. I like purchasing from Amazon. Find them reliable and easy to deal with.
__label__2 Coolpix Camera Case: The camera case work very good with my Nikon Coolpix L1 camera if you carry no extra batteries. If you carry extra batteries and an extra scancard it becomes very difficult getting the camera in and out of the case.
__label__2 Perfect for Nikon Coolpix P2: I read the reviews and felt comfortable enough to get one for my P2. It's prefect for my P2. Like some of the reviews, the interior pocket is pretty much useless if you want it to store an extra battery. You can probably slip an extra memory card in the interior pocket. The exterior pocket is big enough for 2 extra batteries and a couple of memory cards.There is a feature that I didn't see anyone mentioned is that if you don't want to bother with the shoulder strap, you can this case on your belt.
__label__2 Elegant and masculine: Very nice knife, I am extremely impressed with the QC of Buck. I have a bald spot on my forearm that is a testament to how sharp it is out of the box. I look forward to acquiring more buck knives in the future.
__label__2 Wish it had a skirt on underneath: the face is 10000 times better than the original gabby figure but too bad this one doesnt have her full costume. if u take off the dress shes wearing her top and panties, NO SKIRT! i wish the skirt on the other figure could come off so i could put it on this one
__label__1 Headers: Picture of Hedman 88400 headers shows long-tube headers - they are actually 'shorty' headers. Picture(s) should represent actual product!! I had to send my order back and reorder.
__label__1 12 bucks for a 312KB .pdf file: Yeah, it mentions "This is an eBook, not an interactive CD. Please know what you are ordering" in a separate product description, but what it doesn't say is that it's a tiny .pdf file that ships on a disk in a paper sleeve protected by a standard envelope with a 42 cent stamp on the front. And they charge you 3.99 for shipping.Oh, and if you want, they'll offer you the opportunity to just email the .pdf file to you for the same price and still charge you the 3.99 shipping. Apparently Amazon won't let them email it to you without a shipping markup.According to them.
__label__2 Very Powerful little tool: Excellent product-delivers the froth is seconds. It was a great gift. They love it.
__label__2 Excellent, but be careful.: Works very well. Just be careful not to bend stem at all. If you do bend it -- say, by running with frother touching side or bottom of cup/glass -- you will likely never get it back to "true" no matter what you do. It will probably continue to work, but not nearly as well. We bought a second and are treating it with kid gloves.
__label__1 doesn't work: Get yourself a real milk-frother and save the time and money. No matter what kind of milk you use or what its temperature is, this tool will not make STIFF cappuccino foam. Looks cool - but waste of money.
__label__2 5th in the series: Heretics of Dune is the 5th title in the Dune series and takes place several thousand years after the events of God Emperor of Dune. It takes as its protagonists several members of the Bene Gesserit as they confront the Bene Tleilax and the Honored Matres- a religous order from the Scattering that took place after the death of Leto II .Herbert's writing continues to improve, and this is the most accessible book yet in the series, although it still not an easy read.
__label__2 Fantastic Lens: I have had this lens a short time now, and the weather has not permitted much in the way of outdoor use. The shots that I have been able to take, including some indoor available light and flash, have been superb. Extremely sharp optics with excellent FOV. This lens will probably stay on my L1 body for all-around use.
__label__2 oh boy: Let me be the first to say that this is just beautiful. Oh, what a dark, creepy and wonderful recoridng. Wow. It's hard to pick a favorite cut on this one. If you're like me and you love movie themes covered by talented musicaians, then you'll love this.Hail satan.
__label__2 Great book!: Tells the story of the uprising and the massacre, along with color and black + white photographs. This book did a great job of explaining the events that took place in an easy to understand fashion.
__label__1 DO NOT BUY!!! ZERO STARS!!: Long story short. Bought for daughter for Christmas...it is in the trash...This was THE WORST TOY/DOLL purchase ever!
__label__2 AN OUTSTANDING RANCHERA ARITIST!!!: I purchased Nydia's first solo CD when it came out, and have been amazed with her talent since. She not only has endless natural talent, she is a student of her art. Nydia's obvious love of singing is prevelant in her music. I took my grandmother and my aunt to see her in concert, and they were overwhelmed. My mother has compared her on more than one ocassion to the fabulous (and in our opinion the true queen of ranchera), Amalia Mendoza. Amalia never got the attention she deserved, but I sure hope Nydia does. I can only compare her to Amalia and Maria de Lourdes. If you are a fan of Ranchera and Mariachi, you will understand what I mean when I say that Nydia "cries" when singing. I love her current album, but I hope that she will make an album of old Mexican standards, such as the one Luis Miguel did. It would truly bring Nydia the attention and respect she deserves. If you ever have the chance, go see her in concert!!!!!! WE LOVE HER IN TUCSON, ARIZONA!!!!!!!!!!
__label__2 I found this book to be very helpful: I agree with many reviewers that say "why would you want to". However, I found this book to be very helpful because I have been able to identify several toxically self-absorbed people in my life (even in very spiritual circles) and now I can see them in a more realistic way.Karen Anderson
__label__2 A great intro to golf for those who are just learning.: While Michelle McGann comes across well in this publication, much of the credit should go to her ghost writer who seems to have done an excellent job in translating a pro's techniques into layman's terms. This is a good book which is a valuable learning tool for those who are just being introduced to the sport. Subjects are discussed in a very simple, concise way, and at no times does the author speak to the reader in a condescending way. A great read.
__label__2 Unforgettable Story!: I read an article in the Ladies Home Journal and wanted to read more about this amazing woman. I bought the book and my mother and I have both just finished reading it. What an unforgettable story - and what a strong and courageous woman is Sala! Thank you, Ann, for bringing this to the rest of the world and for all the incredible extra research you have done to fill in the spaces. It is the story of a life that is much too important to be kept in a box. My husband will read this beautifully and lovingly written book next and I have recommended it to my book club. Thank you! Thank you!
__label__2 A Great Read: A great read if you are interested in the inside story of the War in the Pacific. It has a lot of relevancy to 2007!
__label__2 Compelling: Since I watch a lot of History Channel and war history, Evan Thomas and his book,"Sea of Thunder" has put faces on the Sailors, there victories and defeats, both mential and physical. Errors abound, yet understanding the condictions of war at the time makes them less important than the bravery shown by both sides.Once started it is hard to put the book down. Now I'm going to look for Evan Thomas' book "John Paul Jones".
__label__2 interesting: i believe there are certain topics that you need to discuss with a potential mate/significant other, and this book seems to be the middle ground between where you are now and where you will be later on. a promising informational book.
__label__2 A great staple classic now available online!: Everything is good about this product & its vendor on Amazon.As described, packed well, fresh, arrived quickly!i will definitely repeat this purchase.
__label__1 problematic install and wants to reinstall: I have used older Paint Shop Pro versions for years without issue but this version has serious installation problems in that is constantly tries to reinstall itself. After hunting for security products on my computer that would have modifiend the files to make it think it needs to be installed again I found none. Tech support was useless (the usual reponses, "are you logged on as and administrator", etc.) as they didn't really read my email about the problem and just sent "cut-and-paste" responses to general computer problems. Then the tech support people got rude and told me to "figure out the problem yourself". There is a reason why this software is almost free.
__label__1 Just forget this software: Software is ok, but don't believe in the rebates. It has been over 4 months now and 3 calls to their company and they have promised me over and over again that they had an "overwhelming response" and that it will come in 2 weeks. Now, 4 months after sending the rebate in, the status shows as processing on their web site. Poor company, unethical way of treating their customers.
__label__1 Outdated and now just one of many overpriced options: This book was never unique and is now outdated. Why purchase this book when the information contains is now available in many free and more user-friendly formats? The author was merely re-packaging information that has been around all along ... but now she wants you to pay her for it.
__label__2 What a great book!: this book is amazingly helpful. i was a new owner of a Mexican Redknee and had NO CLUE how to handle her! she was so sweet, but i was just too afraid to handle her. then i found this book. Princess now has 2 brothers and 1 sister: Paris, Ricky and Jake. they are very sweet animals and the breeding part was helpful as i am getting prepared for my spiderlings :-D
__label__1 Great picture, lousy service: The monitor has a beautiful, crisp image. Perfect for my work (CAD, development, web surfing). It also has a neat feature: it will accept 2 DVI inputs from 2 computers and then allows you to toggle between computers with a button on the front panel. Sadly, this feature stopped working after roughly 8 months of use.When I called HP to claim a warranty repair, I was transferred to a service agent in another country. After 20 minutes of repeating and correcting serial numbers/model numbers I was told that this monitor was not in their database and therefore I could not be helped. What the heck! I offered to email pictures of the model number sticker, fax copies of the invoice, etc. All to no avail, the "service" representative declined my request to speak with a manager to resolve the issue. So I guess I'm just stuck with a half-broken product.In the end, it's still a nice monitor, but I'm frustrated with the lack of customer service.
__label__2 An all time classic: A wonderful collection of the original X-wing game, with the two add on campaigns. Sure the graphics are old, as are the sound effects, and some of the missions are nigh on impossible, but it is still hard to beat for the re-play value. For any who enjoyed the original, or would like to see where the more modern versions of the same game come from, this is one to get.
__label__2 Not your usual tough-guy cop story but a human one.: This story, told in the first person, is an imaginative and interesting look at what a New York City detective really is...a human being with human frailties. It is also a really good mystery. I look forward to more from Mr. Dee.
__label__2 Easy to install - slightly quieter than my old Nutone fan: This fan is actually cheaper than the previous Nutone ceiling fan that I installed 25 years ago in the kitchen above the stove. Installation is simple if you have easy access to the attic and possess some basic knowledge of electrical connections. I expected it to be significantly quiter than the old Nutone "airplane propeller." It is, but only slightly.Still, I recommend it. The fan does the job, and the price is right.
__label__1 Seal between layers breaks too easily.: This is the 3rd of this type of travel press I have had, and all of them seem to have this problem. I've only had the latest one for less than a month, and now the seal is broken again. I'm really quite disappointed. I expected more from Bodum.
__label__2 Niece loved it, her father didn't I sa: I saw an ad for this product in a magazine, ordered it here and had it shipped (Prime) to my niece for her 6th birthday. It arrived promptly and she loved it. She immediately sat down and "sculptured" some things. Later I heard from my sister that although she could cope with the mess (as bad a playdough apparently) her husband could not, and had sent a message saying if I ever sent any of "his kids" this stuff again he would fly here and feed it to me! LOL It must REALLY be a great toy for a child!
__label__2 the kids LOVE this!!!: This toy is incredible and durable. Hours of play!!! Exceptional for airplane rides. Amazing how well it keeps the attention of the kids (and adults).
__label__1 metal connector nails unavailable in 2 1/2": I was going to buy this for a deck job. The Bostitch joist hangar nails are horribly overpriced on Amazon and not available locally. My local guy told me Bostitch is no longer supplying the 2 1/2 metal connector nails. He just shrugged when I asked about the future availability of the 1 1/2 inch metal connector nails. He said they might just be selling out what they had and there would be no more. However, that was just speculation, as Bostitch ain't talkin' .....Will search more first.Either that or buy a brand with reasonable nail prices. I will have to do a nail count to see if the saving on nails will pay for buying a Senco Joistmaster.
__label__2 Nailed it: Excellent nail gun. Easy to set the nail depth. With this full head type nailer, the nails come with more plastic connector material in between than clipped head nails. The full head naila are good nails with no jams. But sometimes the plastic connector debris needs to be picked away from under the set nailhead to produce a smooth finished surface.
__label__2 No comment: I bought this thing thinking it would be something special. It's pretty cool. It fits the computer nicely, doesn't scratch etc. However it's made pretty cheaply and made in China. The stitch on the inside doesn't appear to be sown all that well. However, for $30 it does a great job of giving my 17' Mac Book pro a nice smooth small and durable case.
__label__2 No Gimmicks: Simply a great, high quality knife. No tricky lock features or "tactical" blade styling. Just and excellent all-around folding knife. Good quality steel, super grippy handles, and a blade that opens so smoothly and quickly that there's no need for assisted opening. You can't beat it for the price.
__label__1 What a piece of trash!: Although described as a hardcover, I purchased this for my daughter for her birthday and there was NOTHING in it that was not in the Dragonolgy text. It was also NOT a hardback, but a little pamphlet in a box with a cheap bit of plastic token. Definetly not of the quality of Dragonolgy.
__label__1 throw away: After trying everything we could and spending an additional 162 dollars for ink we will throw this new machine away. I would give it to someone but I think it would be such a disservice that I would lose friends instead of helping. Hewlett Packard used to make good printers. This is the third and final junk printer and the worst even Hewlett Packard has perpetrated on us yet.We have a new policy at our company. If it says Hewlett Packard the answer is no.
__label__1 No more monthly fees please!: I am an old school D&D; fan and love online gaming. I am sorry though, $40+ for a game and then a monthly charge and a small lvl cap that people reached in mere days?? I don't care how much fun a game is, LOSE the monthly fee! There are tons of great FREE online games./off soapbox now.
__label__1 Dissapointment is an understatement: I got this game as a birthday, and was very excited to try it out. Needless to say I played the game for nearly a week before giving up completely.The idea behind it is great. An MMORPG that doesn't revolve around killing endless amounts of rats and pigs to level up. It promoted party-based adventuring to the extreme. The modules/quests were self-contained. Everything seems just great.But the execution for this game is extremely poor. The quests just aren't much fun. The combat system is ok. The way leveling is done doesn't make much sense, especially for a game based on D&D.;I dunno, I found this game extremely boring (even for an MMORPG). This game was my second time trying games in the MMORPG genre, and it'll definitely be my last...Don't waste your money.
__label__1 Poor quality control by Lenox: I have received two of these through Amazon (one as a replacement for the first) and in both cases the center "basket" design is off-center. I measured it... they're clearly off-center. Amazon was wonderful in working out the return.Updated review: I have since received one of these directly from Lenox, and it too has an off-center "basket." This is clearly a design flaw in the product.
__label__1 PLEASE BRING BACK THE OLD FLAVOR: Please, please, please, please, PLEASE bring back the old Spearmint Altoids flavor! They used to be my favorite type of Altoids until this New "Great" Taste came and ruined them. This new flavor is not sweet at all and just tastes all-around disgusting. It's bitter and tastes like those foul cough drops that, no matter how bad a cough I had, I would never make myself take. You took a wonderful thing and changed it for the worse - much worse. Please revert back to the old recipe!
__label__1 Why did they change a good thing???: I've been buying the Spearmint Altoids for years, and loved the product. I just got a new tin of the "New Great Taste!"--which is horrible! It tasted like menthol! Such a drag. I see now that there are more artificial ingredients in it. WHY??? I hope the company sees the feedback and reverts back to the original recipe. Or they'll lose a lot of customers. They've lost me for now.
__label__1 Zzzzz: The concept of bringing together smallpox and HIV in an historical crucible intrigued me, and I thought I would find the story about using young boys to perpetuate the smallpox vaccine scientifically interesting. The latter was true, but the more I got into this book, the more I actively disliked the main character, Alma. A growing dislike of the character made it hard to plow through this long and overly detailed book. The author, in my opinion, wasted my time on needless, and seemingly endless details that added nothing to the story for me but pages, time, and effort.Though the book apparently appeals to some, it was an experience in reading drudgery for me. Nuff said.
__label__1 Complete Drivel: The author was more impressed with his being a team leader that doing justs to the historic Peshtigo fire. The mundane radio calls and flash backs didn"t help his effort.
__label__1 does not keep mosquitos away: I covered my son with this spray, and he was in the woods for 15 minutes, and came out with 11 new bites. He is prone to mosquito bites, but this did not work at all. I don't think the amount of Deet is strong enough. 7% compared to 20% in deep woods.
__label__1 Boring: I thought this book started out interesting, but it kept getting more and more dull. I finished the book anyway, because I thought it would get better towards the end, but it didn't. I don't recommend this one!!!!!!
__label__2 The right tool for the job!: We needed a 3.5mm Mono Female / RCA Male Adaptor to connect to our phone system's music on hold RCA input connector. To connect this with our audio source, we coupled this with a very reasonableCables Unlimited AUD-1100-25 3.5mm Male to Male Stereo Cable (25 Feet, Black). The price was right for the whole package. This little piece of audio hardware was essential in making it work.
__label__1 Doesn't work well to change my feelings.: From my experience, these kind of healing books don't work well to change my feelings and attitudes. They do have temporary effects, but do not last long. This book also was not the execption. There are many "Things To Do" which I should do right now to change my life. But I don't and can't do these "Things". Always when I read such kind of books, I am firm about trying to do these "Things". But I don't take a whim for reading these kind of books again and thus lose an opportunity to do good "Things" entirely. I think volunteering for building GESUNDHEIT INSTITUTE in WEST VIRGINIA and meeting PATCH ADAMS is much more effective than reading this book.
__label__2 ABC Fun!: My three year old loves this DVD! After renting it from Redbox about three different times, I finally found it on Amazon! Educational and fun! Highly recommend to any preschooler!
__label__2 Great story and illustrations: My children and I really like this book. I appreciate the realistic situation in which the little boy is tempted to lie. I think my children could really see something they relate to and they could see the moral of the story about how lies get out of hand. Great book!
__label__2 All of the Sissi movies: I saw all Sissi's movies 40 years ago, I will like to have it in Inglish or Spanish on DVD. Is it possible or not?
__label__1 Slow duration time ruins it all!: This is a good camera in terms of its functions--yes, but this camera's achielles heel is that it takes too long to actually take any pictures--they turn out blurry because it doesn't take the picture when you hit the button. It needs time to focus, or just to respond to your touch. It is even worse with flash, the camera takes too long to come back after taking a flash photo--so if you want a so-so camera that operates well, you can get this---or you can get that anywhere...it's all about what you need this camera for. I want to take pictures that I can rely on 100% to take when I hit the button---it's not with D-435...
__label__2 A whole lotta' "Huh?": This book is unique in that it is the first book that you need that you won't understand. I was directed to purchase this book by a professor who was a student of Layton. I wanted to better understand the gnostic traditions and this book works to explain the gnostic mind in mind-numbing detail. The western, Enlightenment conditioned mind will not easily understand these scriptures because they don't exist in the rubric of rationalism. They are mythology. The gnostic scriptures are more like reading Hesiod's Theogony or Ovid's Metamorphoses than the New Testament. If your goal is to truly understand gnosticism Layton is indespensible. However, if all you want is a general understanding of gnostics, avoid this book. It will only muddy the water. You have been warned.
__label__2 Beautiful!!!!!!!!!: Ordered this product about a year ago and I am disappointed I forgot to post a review. This Halo was perfect for my brother's wedding and matched the dress we ordered to the tee. I couldn't be more pleased with this product
__label__1 Verbose and poorly written: We used this book for our materials science class, and while it contained a lot of information the information was very poorly presented. The text would often refer to figures and tables nowhere in the vincinity, and it was written in such a way that it was extremely difficult to follow. They didn't emphasize the important parts, so it was unclear what we should've known.
__label__2 Buy it!!!!!!!!!!: What more do i have to say .....jim roberti ..the name should tell it all. For those of you who know him well you know what im talking about, for those who dont well let me explain real quick. You name it Jim a.k.a "the man" Roberti can sing it all you name it he can sing it better. thats right.. better....jim im a big fan and love your music, cant get enough.. keep the poconos happy with your awsome music, your the best..ill see u monday, tuesday..
__label__1 Fear-Mongering and Inaccuracy are the real agenda here: I was unfortunate enough to come across this book at a local used book store and since it was dirt cheap, I decided to read it because I was curious. What I found was absolute drivel. Its anti-gay rhetoric is designed to reinforce negative attitudes toward homosexuals, which it accomplishes vie generalizing, stereotyping, and the presentation of purely inaccurate information. Those who are already militantly anti-gay will find what they're looking for (lies to back them up) and those who are not will alternate between horror and laughter at what this book tries to do.
__label__1 Scare them into Heaven: I have read many commentaries on homosexuals and the church. This book dehumanizes the homosexual community. It tells lies about the homosexual community and it keeps homophobia going. This gives the people the Right to go kill or threaten homosexual people.If you read through church history and even read the Bible for what it is there is nothing in there about homosexual acts. I believe the best book out there that best tackles this topic called "Dirt, Greed and Sex" by William L. Countryman.For those that read the book and stated that they are scared of what "agenda" the homosexual community has, its beyond me. People do not do enough research and/or reading. I read both sides then come up with my own decission. I don't have someone else tell me what to believe, I search it out.
__label__1 I'd give this book negative stars if I could: Newflash homophobes of the world! You guys are STUPID! It's doesn't take a big novel full of junk and conspiracy to tell the rest of the world that you have the IQ of a tree stump. Please, no more silly books pretending there is some kind of big issue, please no sequel. Go sit in your corners and pity yourselves for being so close minded.Nobody should read this book, for the sake of keeping their brain cells!
__label__1 Embarressed Christian: I am so tired of anit-Christians embarressing (and saddening) the rest of us by their egregious, SINFUL hatred! Every point in this book revels the author to be just another of those self-rightious, ignorant, scared people who have no understanding of the Love of Jesus Christ, yet want to validate their fear and stupidity by saying and doing the most horrible things in the name of God.Please do the rest of us a favor. HATE in your our space and, please, actually read the first four books of the New Testament. Jesus Christ preached against judging others, summing up the whole thing by relating the Golden Rule! (It's right there in the New Testament in case you have no idea about what I am referring.)
__label__1 Factual Inaccuracies: I was disappointed that the authors of the book did not take a more balanced viewpoint. For instance, no mention is given of the fact that a homosexual co-founded the modern conservative movement along with William Buckley, or converted the civil rights movement to non-violence--Bayard Rustin, and organized the famous March on Washington where Martin Luther King gave his famous "I have a Dream" speech. The authors seemed to come to the topic with their conclusion in hand and sensationalized some fairly boring situations to make their point. There are better books on this topic.
__label__1 Typical Alarmist Drivel: The authors' claims are unsubstantiated, with flawed reasoning and research. They are deliberately negative so as to further their own agenda of hate and intolerance. It is one thing to believe your god says it is wrong, it is another to deliberately and maliciously twist the facts of something so it fits what you want to believe. The former is merely a difference of opinion. The latter is downright dishonest.The glbt only want the same rights accorded everyone else. No more, no less.
__label__1 Paranoid Psycho Babble: Reading this book made me wonder my mothers old addage of a bunch of folk who don't have nothing better to do than cause trouble ... don't they have a job? Yeah, writing this sick paranoid thesis on hatred. This whole "us verses them" thing has to stop in this country (USA)... or our freedom is at an end.If you don't want to be homosexual ... then don't be, but playing politics as suggested is a terrifing exercise in fascism.In about 20 years all of this version of freedom of speach will come to an end ... yes, no more Focus on the Family, no more KKK, no more Fox news, just like spam is about to be outlawed so is the paraniod ramblings of talk radio. Bending logic and science to suit you doesn't make a country progress ... it makes it fall on its tail. I could come up with a dozen reasons why homosexuality is wrong, and still have no right to feel the need to down someone over their sexual impulses.
__label__2 All These Years, and Still, not a weak track: Usually after an artist has been out for a few years, they start getting nice and their songs are not as good, not Bone Thugs-n-Harmony though, they're still just as good as when they came out.Flow Motion 7/10Bump In The Trunk 7/10Wind Blow 7/10I Tried 8/10Lil Love 8/10, I don't usually like Bow Wow but this song was pretty good, Jermaine Dupri just needs to shut the hell up.C-Town 6/10, AlrightOrder My Steps 5/10 AlrightStreets 7/109MM 9/10 One of my favorite songs on this whole albumGun Blast 9/10, another good oneCandy Paint 7/10So Good, So Right 8/10Sounds The Same 8/10Never Forget me 8/10.Buy it.
__label__2 Its About Time for this change: I admit it I've been a fan of Bone since the Faces of Death days truthfully probably their biggest fan but in all honesty Bone has disappointed me a few times. Its not their last few cds wasn't good its just that I know as well as all of you know that Bone can rip some trax when they want to. This cd (I hpe and pray) is a sign of their future cds because this cd is the first in a looooong time that I see them live up to their potential. They rip damn near every track almost as good as East 1999. This cd in my opinion is a great investment and a must have for every Bone fan or anyone who like fast tongue twistin rap. I give Bone nothing but love for this cd and pray that their next one is even just half as good.4.3 (its great but its no East 1999)
__label__2 My boyz are back: I love this album... been a fan since creepin on ah come up and I have been very critical of them on their past couple of albums. This one reminds me of the old Bone Thugs but with a more updated sound. I love it and any one who hasn't heard them entire album needs to go pick it up soon! Love my boyz!!!!
__label__1 Awful: I enjoy the game of golf as much as anyone. I enjoy great golf architecture, and I enjoy well written novels. Mr. Shackelford may enjoy golf, and may appreciate good golf arcitecture, but he should leave novel writing to creative writers. He is not a bad writer, but fiction is not his fortay. Don't waste your time reading this one.
__label__1 Zareba K9 Electric Fence Charger - Don't Buy This Unit: Very disappointingZareba K9 Fence Controller for Zareba Pet and Garden Kit. Just doesn't work, and after several calls to the manufacturer's tech support group - who are pleasant and helpful, they said to return it (but from the techie's comments it sounds like they get a lot of complaints about the K9 unit.) And NO, it wasn't my wiring, since my 17-gauge galvanized wired fence line with porcelain insulators activated just fine as soon as I connected it to a Havahart charger SS-725, which, unlike the K9, has a conventional ground terminal.
__label__1 Not as good as I thought: My daughter wanted a caterpilliar and I bought this for her. But this worm is not fluffy. You can get a better toy in a local store with this price.
__label__2 Thanks amazon: I really like using theBrother Black Toner Cartridge (TN-350) in my printer I know what to expect and the quality is certifiable, not so with the re-fills, plus there's seldom anyone to stand behind the re-filled product, but I hate the ordering process, creating an account with passwords, entering your address 2 or 3 times it's a hassle amazon de-hassled the ordering system with one click, plus I saved money and got the genuine cartridge. Thanks amazon.
__label__2 Toner Cartridge: This toner cartridge for the Brother HL-2040 comes close to the advertised number of copies is suppose to make, and buying it through Amazon with the free shipping, beats every price in my area.
__label__1 Not Brother: I purchased Brother toner. I got a refurbished product, with toner powder leaking out of the packaging. On the positive side, I decided to take a chance with it, and so far it is working.
__label__1 Not as good: We bought this cartridge back in June and and it already dried out and is no longer functioning after a few hundred copies. Previous cartridges we purchased from office supply stores lasted for over a year and was good for a few thousand copies. I would rather pay a few dollars more and get a longer lasting cartridge.
__label__1 A product of Planned Obsolescence: I was one of the first to reveal that a bit of masking tape placed over the tiny window would extend the cartridge life by more than 40%. Since that time, I've stumbled upon this very informative video.The Light Bulb ConspiracyThe Untold Story of Compulsory Planned ObsolescenceIt appears I'm not allowed to promote websites in these review. I've put enough to help anyone wanting to watch this. You can figure out what's needed in order to watch this below.[...]Pass it on...
__label__1 WASTE OF MONEY: THIS BOOK DID NOT DETAIL HIS FAMOUS SHOOTOUTS. IT TALKED ABOUT HIM MAKING UP HIS OWN RELOADS AND SHOOTING PEOPLE WITH THEM. TODAY YOU WOULD GET LOCKED UP BY NOT USING FACTORY AMMO.THE PROBLEM IS IN COURT THEY WOULD SAY MR. SO AND SO COULD NOT USE JUST FACTORY AMMO HE HAD TO MAKE UP HIS OWN KILLER BULLETS. NOTE THIS BOOK IS JUST OLD AND OUT OF DATE. I DO RESPECT THE AUTHOR FOR THE GREAT JOB HE HAD DONE. THE POLITICAL SIDE OF HE BOOK IS GOOD BUT NOW ITS EVEN WORSE.
__label__2 Great to have!: Works well as long as you can convince your family to use it!The stainless steel makes it hard to see on black dishwashers in dimly lit kitchens but it's not too big of a problem.
__label__2 Works Great: Looked all over for a dishwasher magnet so I could stop putting post-it notes on the front of the machine when it hadn't been run yet - this magnet is well made, simple design looks great, and it works! Was a little concerned after reading the reviews that the magnet might not be strong enough since my D/W has the plastic panel on the front - but it sticks and stays. Very well satisfied with this product.
__label__1 Ok......for the price.: These paper towels are definetly at the low end of the budget for paper towels. Are they worth the low price I paid for them....yes. I knew it was a risk purchasing them considering how low they were priced. Each individually wrapped package had several paper towels hanging out of it and when you open them to put them in the dispenser you end up having to remove the first 4-6 paper towels to get to the ones that actually pull down nicely. Again given the price this is to be expected. The paper towels themselves are fair to poor in absorbancy thus my lower rating. You end up using twice as many to dry your hands as you would if you had purchased a higher quality paper towel. This is a case of you get what you pay for. If you are looking for budget paper towels and don't mind the above you will like these.
__label__2 Best Zorro Ever: I'm 57 yrs old and have been a Zorro fan/atic since age 4, and a Zorro video collector for years. In my opinion, this series is absolutely the BEST incarnation of Zorro ever made, and I have them ALL (with a couple of hard-to-find old movie exceptions. Do NOT try to "compare" it to the Disney series. They're totally different styles. Both are great. The Disney series is pure WALT Disney style family fun. This series has more "meat" to it, much better character development, less comedy, but still quite a few comedic moments. Very family friendly but also excellent for adults.
__label__2 Big Bang Theory: The fifth season is hilarious and I really like to watch them in order. I cannot wait to get the next season when it comes out on DVD.
__label__2 great stuff: was still new as stated, good condition, plays perfect, arrived early, nothing but laughs for this product. nothing but compliments from me.
__label__2 the best show ever: This is a brilliantly written show and I would recommend this to every one. Its going to be a sad day when it goes off the air.
__label__2 Gift: My son LOVED this gift. This is one of his favorite tv shows, so it was a hit with him for sure.
__label__1 Big Bang, fifth season: I own the DVD sets for all five seasons. This series continues to be somewhat entertaining but the humor continues to more and more for a Junior High level audience. As an "older" viewer, I emjoy smart television and movies along with those containing a generous amount of slapstick comedy. And as a Computer and A/V tech, I can relate to people just like the characters in the show; but I do not, never have and never will find bathroom humor amusing in any form. Each and every show has at least one and usually more than one reference to bodily functions that I find unfunny and tedious.Wake up Hollywood, teenagers don't have money, we do. I would give this season two out of five stars.
__label__2 Absolutely wonderful!!!: Best season yet!!! Loved every minute of it. All the characters have gotten more hilarious and sheldon is more priceless than before!
__label__2 Always Funny: Love every season and this is one of the best...... I can not get enough and can't wait to add season six.
__label__2 Just as great as the rest.: My package came very quickly and was in perfect condition when I got it. Big Bang is hilarious and I will be watching these episodes over and over again! The ultraviolet digital copy is really weird because you cannot actually download the episodes and do what you want with them. You download them to an ultraviolet client and watch them within the client.
__label__2 Still great: While the previous season was simply fantastic, season 5 is almost as good. It does somewhat lack some of the more hysterical pieces in last season but overall it is the funniest show on tv or DVD at the moment.
__label__2 Funny, Funny, Funny: This season of episodes continues to provide the "laugh out loud funniness" that I found in the earlier years' episodes.
__label__1 less than OK: The show itself is wonderful and I have been watching it in order from start to finish. My DVR didn't record this particular show and I could not figure out any other way to watch it right away. So given all that I was on the desperate side. The quality was not good. I got the story line, but the quality was "jerky" and fuzzy. I hope I never need to watch any more episodes this way.
__label__2 Great!!!: Love this show! It's also great that it includes blue-ray, DVD, and ultraviolet options! The purchase arrived ahead of schedule and in great condition.
__label__2 Super funny: nice no commercials and best episodes we have been watching it during the holiday break as a family and enjoy
__label__1 Annoyed: I wish I had read the review before buying this item, as the playlist shown by Amazon bears no resemblance to the real list of tracks.In Particular the one track I was desperate to get was "I Will" by Ruby Winters, was not on the actual CD, I am really disappointed.The only positive was that the CD was delivered within 1 week, and was in good condition.
__label__1 Good Theory, Vague and Outdated Code: This book is a good start for those who want to work on the guts of their own mud. The target audience seems to be accomplished C++ programmers. The author assumes a great deal of expertise on the part of the reader; I for one was left in the dark on many topics.The code examples on the companion CD are not fully explained in the book, and I found several code snippets in the source files that had no mention at all in the relevant chapters. The code examples also will not compile on newer versions of GCC without a great deal of work.This book is a good intro to network programming, and does a good job of outlining what is needed to design and code a MUD from scratch, but I would stay away if you are not already an accomplished programmer.
__label__2 wonderful: I really like how firm this brush is when handling the hair. I am a hairdresser and I have been blowing out hair for 16 years :) This is a great brush :)
__label__2 Camera power supply: Arrived on time for my presentation. A must have for extended camera use. A real battery saver.
__label__2 Excellent book for elementary age children!: I am a School Psychologist and Mobile Therapist and this book has come in handy on many occasions. I work frequently with students who have been diagnosed with Autism, and I have found that this is one book that students really enjoy. There are great pictures and stories that my students love to see and read. We typically act the stories out afterward either in person or with dolls/action figures. No matter how resistant the students are to the rest of the activities, they typically consider this a rewarding experience. I would recommend it to all school staff and parents who deal with students that are lacking social skills in some way.
__label__2 The best book for teaching social skills and I've used several!: I bought this book to help teach my 4 year old with Aspergers about how to deal with social situations. The book uses real photos of children in various situations to teach the right way to do something, like stand in line, and also shows a photo with the wrong way. It explicitly teaches, among other things, how to approach other children to play, how to ask a teacher for help, and how to have a conversation. My son loves reading the book together and I can already see him implementing the lessons after just a few weeks. For visual, step-by-step learners, this book is perfect. I own at least 6 books on teaching social skills and this is by far the best and most effective one I've used.
__label__2 GREAT COMPACT PILL CASE.........: Great if you have more than one or two pills to take every day.... I have to take meds in the PM as well, so I have a green Pill Reminder for my evening meds.... these containers hold five plus pills, depending on size.... plenty of room in each compartment..... Hard to find this type of container at retail stores......
__label__2 Best Shape for Me: These 7-sided pill keepers (my family calls them "pill wheels" but you'll never find them that way on Google) are, in my experience, the best shape for this sort of thing. Round ones cannot be set up on their edge, and the "stick" style, with all the days in a horizontal row, don't tuck as discreetly into a purse or pocket.It's hard to find these in stores. This is a great price and I'll order several.Note: if you can't easily distinguish which are your morning pills and which are your evening, you'd best buy two of these and load them accordingly.
__label__1 Works but Nothing Special: I had a 'live and learn' moment with this bottle cap opener. I saw a similar one at a party and decided to purchase three for Christmas presents. I unfortunatley did not read reviews nor did I realize that this was coming from the UK, nor did I realize that the shipping costs were astronomical (almost more than the cost of the three openers.) My order was placed on December 8th and after three days I was notified that I would recieve them by January 7th. Obviously ridiculous and after an email to the seller through Amazon, I was told the openers were on their way and I did, in fact, recieve them after 10 days. I also expected the openers to look like the picture. They did not. It's a plain opener. It does not say Worlds Greatest Bottle Opener. It's plastic. It works, but it's nothing special. Disappointed for sure. I'm usually smarter about my purchases, but have always had good luck with Amazon and just let this one slip by. So...live and learn.
__label__1 7-1 Joke: At such a great price.. Of course I bought two.. Hoping I would make at least 3 actualy 4 hour uses out of it.. Boy was I wrong.. The unit looks great and will hold a nice size camera (weight wise); Issue is the hinges and other items fall apart..Worth $5 and free shipping not worth a more than 3 time use..ZERO STAR
__label__1 let down: I was very excited to receive this tripod but was sad to find it arrive to me package fine, with the top part broken off inside.
__label__1 Not worth the mony: What a pice of crab ,,,, I know that is not the most expensive thing but ,, really No way I'm putting my Camera on this toy,,, I don't think that is a real stable tripod because there is a big chance that might fall of and break your camera ...!
__label__1 Nice case, but poor tripod.: The case is fine, but the full sized tripod is flimsy. I purchased three for a field project and one broke on first use. Super glue fixed it. Overall, I am OK having made this purchase because the overall cost was reasonable. If you want something that's rugged, however, I'd stay away from this product.
__label__2 Incredible layout!!!: I bought this book for my plant biology class. Even though I was required to only study about 3/4 of it, I read the entire thing from cover to cover. If you want to find out about plants and the natural world, take a course with this book or just buy it and read it like a good non-fiction book. The layout and format are very modern and appealing. There are sections on ecology, which are very important in understanding what is happening to our environment right now. Plus, the book doubles as a plant reference/gardening book because it has a monster appendix with stats and care information on tons of common and rare plants you might grow at home. Wonderful book, you won't be disappointed if you are curious about natural science!
__label__2 Soon to be your litte ones favorite toy!!!!: I can not say enough good things about this product!!Our 1 year old LOVES it. Well made, colorful, and packed with fun it is a fantastic product. I highly recommend this toy.I simply can not tell you how much your children will enjoy it.Purchase it and I guarentee it will soon be your litte ones favorite toy.
__label__2 the best naval flight recalections ever: If u like anything with flying, naval flying, this book is the best. it has all of his expereiences and makes u feel like u are really there. i would recomend this book for anybody but if u would like to become a naval aviator like me, then this book is especially for you!!! The best book i have ever read Admiral Gillcrist. thank you especially for writting about your career! i plan on reading the other books by you. i rate this a 10 on a scale of 1-5
__label__2 a book of great ideas.: This is a very pratical book in my opinion, as one can creat ideas from the simplest thing.
__label__1 Too, too much!: I love old, glamourous things, pieces with history and beauty. There are plenty of them in this book, but as a decorating guide, I found it a little too rich for my taste. Some rooms are over the top, and some, to me, are hideous! But taste is a very individual thing. Rachel Ashwell's Shabby Chic books are more my style, I think.
__label__2 Very Specific and Lovely Book: I read this book a number of years ago and came across it again when researching a move into a small condo. I agree that it is a wonderful book as the antithesis of potterybarn and restoration hardware living that is enough to kill anyone with an independant idea- and while the author's style is too fussy for me, I love the text and the pace of the book. I would highly recommend it to someone who believes in interior decoration as a theory, a passion, if not a practicality.
__label__1 not what I expected: this has been on my want list for a year or more, and I finally found a copy at my library. I am SO glad I didn't buy this. It is way, way too overdone for my taste, and in no way does it reflect any element of french style that I've seen. I'd consider myself a francophile, but even Versailles looks restrained in comparison to Strasser's layers upon layers upon layers. I'd hate to clean in any of these rooms. There are some good ideas, like the rinceau treatment of the warehouse room turned parlor, but they were largely hidden under swaths of satin and clutter. I'd hoped for more depictions of true french designs.
__label__1 Of no value: This book has no interest for someone interested in decorating. Very boring, not enough photos. A real vanity book.
__label__2 Great Product: This cream is nourishing, and non-greasy. Love the feel on my skin. No break outs, and my skin absorbed it well.Would recommend this product highly. I have very dry sensitive skin, that's been resurfaced, and it was very compatible with my skin.
__label__1 Life imitates art: This book isn't much more than a novelized screenplay -- kind of a "Cape Fear" in a political setting -- and I can't recommend it to anyone. But for those questioning its credibility: a state Senate candidate in Tennessee has just been charged with the murder of his opponent, a heavily favored incumbent who was killed on his farm. The parallels pretty much stop there, but it's still eerie.
__label__1 Good and Bad: Great CD, terrible DVD. Just buy the CD, The DVD isn't worth using for a coaster. I've seen better video on cell phones. Oh yea, the audio on the DVD is as bad as the video.
__label__1 Only If You Like Disgusting Things: Chew on This by Eric Schlosser and Charles Wilson is about fast food and how bad it is for you. There are a lot of different stories in the book. One was about schools taking out soda machines and putting in water and healthier drinks, but still having McDonald's and Burger King which is even less healthy.Chew on This was not my favorite book. I am a vegetarian so the meat part made me gag. The book takes a long time to read; it feels like forever. The things that I don't like are when they explain how they kill a chicken and that pink lemonade is really made from bugs. I know that the facts are disgusting, but it is awesome how bugs can turn lemonade pink. The purpose of writing the book is to convince the customers not to eat at fast food restaurants. I suggest that you only read this book if you like reading about disgusting things.Adrienne F.Grade 6Ms. Kawatachi
__label__1 Not as good as the rest: This compilation, while a decent collection of trance and techno, failed to "hit the spot". Unfortunately, the quality seems to be deteriorating. Euphoria II and III were amazing collections. If only they could come back with that same magic.
__label__2 Inspiration to begin buying CDs again: Seeing as my CD collection has all but turned into a glorified set of frisbees from the MC hammer craze, I decided to start afresh with Matt Darey's Euphoria Level 4. Although I normally just download the most popular trance and house tunes on MP3, it's the lesser known tracks that fall inbetween that really stand out on a compilation like this. The second CD is my favorite of the two, I recommend tracks 4, 9 and 11 -all of which were discovered while napping on the train to work. I also recommend Darey's Ibiza release within the Euphoria collection.at best: you have a CD with mellow tunes to chill to, and plenty of thumping sets to throw parties withat worst: you'll find a few no-namer DJs with good sound that might be worth checking out on MP3
__label__2 Good Compan: This group got my order to me quickly and in one piece which is the only thing they needed to do. I would buy from them a hundred more times.
__label__2 Just want to help new mothers-Like other reviews helped me!: I love it and so does my son. I would def. reccomend, but if you have to bring it up a lot of stairs it is pretty heavy especially for the first coulple of month after baby when you are still weak. If Grandma is using it a lot it could be tough to heave into trunk of car.
__label__1 Waste of money!: My son saw this advertised on tv and begged for it for Christmas. I looked for it everywhere and finally found one last one on the shelf right before Christmas and thought it was a great score. Wrong! After playing with it for 10 minutes, watching the Alien "balls" fizzle like Alka Seltzers til they exposed a couple of cheap, plastic toys, he completely lost interest. The van is poorly constructed and the parts do NOT fit back in, nor does it stay together. Just TRY to store it on a shelf without it falling apart and spilling its contents everywhere. This piece of junk is going right in the give-away bag. And my son won't miss it!
__label__1 So NOT worth it: This really ticked me off to find out that I only got one when it clearly says that it's sold as a six pack. If it's possible I want my money back asap. I don't understand why some people are receiving only one and then there are the lucky ones who get all six, something tells me that those reviews are fake.
__label__1 Not as advertised: As with many other reviewers of this product, I only got one canvas in the package, not 6. This company either can't count to six, or it has the most expensive single canvas I have ever seen. Amazon's return process made it simple enough to get my money back, but with all of the negative reviews of this product, it is obvious that there is a serious problem with the way the product is described.
__label__1 I think it is safe to say that this is F2F's last album.: It's a shame. Now that they've ruined their credibility, I doubt that they will be able to make a new album under any label. I can't help but think of the skit on Big Choice when they are talking to the record company exec. The irony is delicious!
__label__2 Six shooters and damsels in distress: This is one of my favorite albums of all time and by far my favorite Face to Face album. They sound completely different and pull it off nicely. Every song is great and sounds completely unique. "Heart of Hearts" and "Maybe Next Time" are two songs that when you fight with your woman and need to feel even worse about it, you pop them bad boys in and you're good to go. My favorite song on the album is "Protocol". It kicks serious donkey. I've had this CD for close to 4 years and it hasn't got old yet. Although it is hard to make out thru all of the scratches and battle scars. And it has one of those f*cking sun spots that looks like a kid stood over it with a magnifying glass and burned a hole thru it. I need to get it again. And again if need be. And yes, even again, after it has been mangled 5 or 6 times, I will still get it again. Well, after two times, I'll probably just steal it off of the internet. Thank God for piracy and plundering swashbucklers.
__label__1 new album not worth dancing to.: i have seen face to face more times than i can count and each time i loved them and they put on a great show. i didn't think there was a face to face song that i didn't like and everyone was special in its own way. when ever i felt down i would listen to them and it would pick me right back up and make me want to dance. "ignorance is bliss" is just to slow. i love the melodies but it sounds good with fast music. the new album is just slow dramatic, nothing like i expected. i am just afraid to see them now because i won't be able to dance to the new stuff. they need to go back to the "don't turn away" days and stay true to their fans istead of trying to reach the mainstream with their new album.
__label__2 A useful guide for all to love and serve: Gerald Darring has compiled a helpful and thought provoking collection for preachers and every-day Christians that make one to stop and think of the implications for living the the Gospel in the concrete experience of life while broadening the reader's horizons for Gospel living of today. One of the best homily sources I have seen in my study and pastoral pratice. It is a useful resource for prayer and reflection.
__label__2 wonderful tiles!: I gave my granddaughter this set just before her third birthday and she loved it! She played with it non-stop all afternoon and the morning of her party, a time when we thought she would be running around burning off steam. Instead, it held her attention, kept her focused and interested. Of course, someone had to be there to help out, three is a bit young to build complicated things, but she was able to do quite a lot on her own, with just a little help from an adult. I recommend this highly.
__label__2 FANTASTIC toy for all ages: my husband wanted this toy for our daughter at her one-year birthday, i thought she was too young, but he was right!! these are great for even the smallest hands. they are so easy to stick together, and big enough she could still grab them. now at 2 yrs we got this DX set with the car and other cool pieces, and it's even more fun to build things! we've built castles for her dolls, tracks for cars and trains, houses, etc - PLUS we have her sort them by color & shape, it can be educational as well as imaginative. highly recommended. as an added bonus, parents have lots of fun with them too!PS- our children's museum has these as well, and i have seen the colors worn off their pieces. So i suppose after a LOT of use the might show some wear, but they still work great so who cares!
__label__1 They Call Me Naughty Lola: They Call Me Naughty Lola: Personal Ads from the London Review of Books, edited by David Rose"They Call Me Naughty Lola" was recommended to me by a friend, and I normally enjoy British humor, so I thought I'd like it. But something about the book was off for me.It just wasn't that funny.The book is nicely put together, with some footnotes for references to British pop culture, but there were some missing references. The acronym WTLM is used in almost every ad, but is never explained. The ads themselves are creative, but I wouldn't consider most of them humorous. I think this book is best in short doses; if you sat down and tried to read it straight through, as I did, the humor dies almost entirely.2/5.
__label__2 Very good lens: I had minolta maxxum st si camera and this lens is a perfect match for that silver color camera.
__label__1 Buyer Beware - This is a Cheap & Unreliable Unit: This fax worked okay for a few months, then stopped being able to connect to any eFax number - always reports a POOR LINE CONDITION error. Yet, I could turn around and fax the same doc on the same line to a regular fax machine/number a minute later. Seems like this cheap fax machine cant connect to all types of faxes. This unit is also making strange creaking noises now when trying to scan in a doc. It's a cheap unit so buyer beware - you get what you pay for. I am now ordering a new fax machine to replace this one, and this time I am spending a little more money to get a better unit. Bottom line, buy something else.
__label__2 You'll Like It.: This item does everything is is supposed to do. It's the perfect Home 3 in 1. Copy quality is good.
__label__1 O.K. for a once in a while fax from home: When I needed a fax machine I just went to Amazon, I ought to have checked the local office supply stores. They had lower prices on this item.It's O.K. for the situation where a fax is needed, certainly not for a high volume of work.
__label__1 It gets jammed after 6 month use!!!: I use this for home, I don't use much fax usually once or twice a week for my sales application I need to fax in to sign up my clients. I bought this because of its price and size but week after week it starts to jamming up which not only it slows my workflow and frustrating it began to rip my papers or wrinkles them up.Do not buy this unit, it's total crap and worthless. I learned my lesson and will invest more money to buy a reliable fax machine.
__label__1 very dissapoinyed by Brother Products: My last Brother fax ( a higher end model) just stopped working. Can't find anyonme to work on these so you throw it away and buy a new one. I thought I would stay simple and bought a 575 but it jams continually and my biggest problem is only 1 out of 10 faxes sent goes through, it keeps disconnecting. My phone company says they have compatability problems with Brother (Verizon) so I am returning this for a higher end model again. I guess you get what you pay for. Don't buy this or any Brother product!!!!!
__label__2 Stand by: We purchased this as kind of a back up for when and if we need a fax. Not used often, But to date, it has worked fine. Have been pleased with all purchases from Amazon, hope the service continues.
__label__2 for home offices, Perfect.: Finding this fax/phone for under $30 made it a 'must have'. It's easy to set up, has all the features I need and more for home convenience. It's small, lightweight (without being flimsy) and for the dozen or so times I'll need it a year, I won't have to pull out the manual every time as it's quite simple to operate. I'm real happy with it.
__label__1 poor choice: This machine is a poor example of fax machine its alignment is bad its copys are bad it has a ink tape which was not explained, I know this is a cheap machine but many things are inexpensive but is no excuse poor workmanship.Thank You Carl WilliamsPS This is why I am returning this product.
__label__2 Good for home use: I've had this fax machine for a couple of years. I don't use it a lot, a couple of times a month on average, and only for sending out. I have received a few faxes and it's okay, tho the printing quality isn't real good...just okay. I wouldn't recommend this fax machine for business use, but if you're like me and just need to fax out now and then from home, it's perfect.
__label__2 Best Fax Ever!: Okay, I bought this fax machine to replace an old dinosaur fax I had since forever!! Hands down, this was the best minimal investment I ever made. I don't know how I lived without this handy little workhorse! It sends and recieves faces and it also makes black and white photocopies. I paid less than $30 dollars for this Brother 575 Fax and that included shipping. It came with ink pre installed and works beautifully. A real bargain!!
__label__1 PCM Stereo Sound is too bad: The video footage is ok although the cuts between the different sets are too rough. You don`t get the impression to be on one concert you will think this is more a DVD with Hector`s music videos all lined up. But the worst think is the sound. No Bass at all. I got a 5.1 sourround system but the PCM Stereo sound on this DVD is too bad. When you have an old TV and the complete sound comes out of it, you may don`t have a problem with the sound. But I do! How can someone who owns millions and gives an expensiv concert, release the DVD in such a horrible sound? Wisin y Yandel released their tomando control Live DVD in 5.1 sound.
__label__1 Cheap: Cheap, non wicking. It's simply a cap with air holes; almost meaningless. SInce it's too big (OSFA) it's floppy; looks ridiculous. If you've got a big head & lots of hair maybe you can wear ity under a helmet.
__label__1 Unacceptable for road bikes: Caution, be aware this product requires you to REPLACE the skewer with their cheap supplied skewer. If you have invested in all high end components, this is not acceptable. Otherwise, you will be completely rebuilding your ride between indoor and outdoor (better not hope you get invited to a group ride the same day your bike is mounted on this piece of crap). Look for equipment that is more flexible in adjustment so that you truly have a quick in and out of the trainer.
__label__2 Great product: My husband and I each have a trainer and we think they are great. They do need a bit of tweaking to get them just right and you can't coast but they still make for a great work out. Some mornings are too cold and too dark to ride outside and I find the trainer to be a great safe alternative. This product is our first trainer and I doubt we will be needed another.
__label__2 mahjong: I love buying at amazon for the products they sell and come on time, great job I myself says. Now this game is fun if your a mahjong player like I am so everyone you'll like it like I have and beat it too.
__label__1 un- happy: The sword was well packed for shipping. The grip was loose and the sword was stuck in the scabberd. I thought it was rusted. To remove it I removed the grip and with a pair of pliers and hammer I was able to remove it. No rust. The blade was to wide for the scabberd and I was unable to replace it. I recommend buying a better quality sword.
__label__2 Gundam Wing Ground Zero: This is so cool!I read it on the internet and I had to buy it after that!If ya like Gundam Wing you should realy get this!It's awesome!!
__label__1 Shell shucked: I can't believe how long it's taking this company to ship this order. I think if I started shelling the sunflowers myself, I would shell 20 lbs before this order arrived. I feel shucked over! I would definately cancel this if I could.
__label__2 My birds are satisfied: I've ordered this product six times so far.. due to reasonable price, free shipping and convenience of big bag. So far the quality is good. Birds love it. Each time I make my own mix of birdfood, I drool over the sunflower hearts and crave to make a salad for myself with sunflower seeds sprinkle over it (no, I didn't eat my bird's sunflower hearts), but just want to say how good this product's quality is that its makes me want some too! :)
__label__2 Lenox Holiday China: The China is beautiful. The price was great and it was packaged nicely.No damage in shipping. It arrived quickly and I was delighted with the purchase. Hope the sale is repeated next year so I can add to my collection.
__label__1 Incomplete Guide: Very incomplete guide, only few selected climbs in each area. If general info is what you seek, the guidebook is OK. If you need a comprehensive guide to all the climbs, it would be better to purchase guidebook locally.
__label__2 Great little camera: This camera is easy to use. Only needed instructions on setting date. Film loaded easily. Compact and fun. Great camera for the price.
__label__2 Rilke Songs, et al.: A very pleasant album, well performed. We especially enjoyed the songs, and the outstanding voice of Lorraine Hunt Lieberson, tragically, taken from us far too soon.
__label__1 Rip-off drum: For $5-$10 more than the cost of this drum, you can buy a brand new Brother HL-2070n printer, which includes not only this drum, but also:1. a new 2,000 page toner cartridge (although you have to follow instructions freely available on the Internet to keep the toner cartridge from shutting down after 1,000 pages.)2. a spare printer for free.
__label__1 a business trickery: Brother printers may be cheap, but the drum units for them are not. This is a classic business trickery. They tease you with a cheap first buy. Then you have no choice but to continue buy the expensive parts. Furthermore, the quality of the drum is not good either. The company says that one drum unit can be used for 12,000 pages assuming 5% coverage. This is not true. The drum unit replaced with the original one in my printer had problems far before printing that number of pages based on 5% coverage.
__label__2 Exactly what we needed at a good price: Unfortunately, our printer is now in need of other repairs and we are unable to take advantage of using our purchase.
__label__2 Not bad for a boot, but way overpriced & should be free: I always get steamed seeing somebody making money off of a boot that you can easily get for free. If you are making money off of the show, I suggest you pay the Marley estate their share, otherwise share it freely, 'cause it ain't copyrighted.If you want it for free, just google "Bob Marley Quiet Knight flac".I suggest that Amazon no longer carry this product.
__label__2 A must have CD!!: As an amateur pianist I only listen to classical music casually, so I'm no expert on the great soloists of the violin. However when I originally saw Hilary playing on a local public TV station that runs a program that plays various classical music videos. A little promotional/documentary about this CD was playing and I was simply entranced by the music I heard. Becoming an instant "fan" I bought 4 of her albums, and this one I believe is head and shoulders above the rest. I don't know if it's simply the selections of music by Bach or her obvious mastery of the violin that make this CD such a joy to listen to for me. All I know is that I can't wait to hear more recordings from this great musician!
__label__1 Disappointing: I heard Hilary Hahn live, here in the Netherlands and I was stunned by the performance. She played Bach, the second Partita. It was amazing. I was looking forward to listen to her Bach violin concertos. But when I heard them, I was really disappointed. She plays them technically perfect, but this is not what I heard in the music hall. Her violin concertos are not inspiring. They have no soul, no meaning. I wish she played them like she plays the Bach partitas.A dissapointed Dutchmen
__label__2 very beautiful: If you are looking for a beautiful easy to listen to performance of bach this is a great recording. If you are looking for a recording of a performer who pays attention to performance practice of baroque era music you will be disappointed. Vibrato is used throughout and the ornamentation leaves something to be desired. All said though, this is a beautiful recording that I enjoy even though I know that it is not as Bach would have wanted it played.
__label__1 A Misstep: I have loved every previous Hilary Hahn recording, and given them all 5 stars. This one is a distinct misstep. It is just too fast. I felt like punching my cd player to slow it down! The playing is brittle, lacking in character (except for one of ths slow movements), and wholly without interest. Had I heard this recording blind, I never would have thought this was Hilary Hahn. Such a shame.
__label__1 A self-published, 156 page novel: 'nuff said?: The first 5 reviewers here are obviously the best friends of Margaret Doner! This is a skimpy foray into too deep waters for a beginner. Have you ever read a good Tudor biography that was only 156 pages long? Can you imagine that there are any significant facts, details, insights in so few pages? Well, you're right--there aren't! What we do have are stereotypes (dirty old king, lusty Chaucerian wench, stupid courtiers, etc.). What is most egregious is that there is never even an attempt to explain why and how Catherine and her cohorts could have made so many stupid mistakes, how they could behave as if there had never been an Anne Bolyn: that's the mystery that has always fascinated me about Henry's "rose without thorns," but you'll find no answers here. Please save your money, your time, and be a bit more patient. Eventually, someone is going to write a truly good historical novel about Catherine Howard.
__label__1 Colored hair a bluish tint: I have used the Crew Classic Gray Shampoo for years. The shampoo in my last bottles is a very deep purple. Over time (about 4 months I would guess)my hair has taken on a bluish tint. The person cutting my hair noticed first (I get my hair cut about once a month). Then my wife noticed. The bluish tint began so slowly, I really didn't notice, much to my chagrin and self admonishment. But, when called to my attention, my hair clearly had the faint bluish tint. I have now changed shampoos after years of Crew use. I suspect it is something in the formula that was changed over the last year or so. I, of course, don't know for sure, but the color of the shampoo and the fact it was first noticed by the person who has been cutting my hair for years, leads me to this conclusion.David T.
__label__2 Seek to See Him: It is most probable that the Valentinians, like the Manichaeans and the Naassenes, at least were acquainted with Thomas and incorporated some of its traditions into their works perhaps because it contains a negative world view and stresses "knowledge" as part of its soteriological scheme.But gnostic use does not predicate gnostic origins. We should be speaking of an influx of traditions found in Thomas into Gnosticism, not the influx of Gnosticism into Thomas. The future of research on possible connections between the Gospel of Thomas and Gnosticism should be moving in the direction of exploring the influences that this non-gnostic Gospel's ideology may have had on emerging second century gnostic systems.
__label__1 HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT...DON'T BUY THIS BOOK: Up until I found out about Dr. Schwartz endorsing the female medium (not Ms. DuBois) of which many of these reviews are speaking, I would have said that his work was authentic and very beneficial to the field of mediumship. I am incredibly disappointed that he would include this person on his list of reputable and respected mediums, as this person is merely an actress, nothing more. She is preying on people who are grieving; using them for her own personal gain. Dr. Schwartz, you have done the public at large a great disservice, and I no longer have any desire to read your work.[...]
__label__1 Phallic Narcissism at it's finest....: Gary Schwartz writes like a classic Phallic Narcissist, a clinical term used to describe people who elicit his type of behavior.Isn't it curious how he espouses over and over again being a "clinical psychologist", when in fact it is a LIE. Anyone who would lie about their credentials, would lie about their results in research....don't believe the hype.....
__label__1 Not sure what I was expecting when I chose this book.: This book was about the scientific testing of Allison Dubois. I know it says that on the cover but it seemed more like a brag book. That's only my opinion. It might seem wonderful to someone else but came across as almost self serving to me.
__label__1 how many sock puppets does it take????: should be the opening line of a bad joke, but when someone MENTIONED in the book, maligns the SUBJECT of the book, while hiding behind the sweetness and light moniker ASKSPIRIT, me thinks something smells rotten in stinkville.pee-u!!!!
__label__1 Cat got his tongue?: I felt the same way about the authors use of a cat metaphor to discribe gifted research mediums....too bad, if anyone could raise the bar on this profession, I thought someone with his credentials could do so, but I guess not.Cat got their tongue? Why no opinion on their website?
__label__1 The Truth About THE TRUTH ABOUT MEDIUM: This book promises the extraordinary, including specific data from science experiments, but what we get are more anecdotes about how great Mr. Schwartz's experiments are. He features highlights of experiments with medium Allison DuBois, but Schwartz' bias in favor of his subject matter makes this book an epiphany of self-celebration. There is a fascinating section, The Monty Keen Experiment, and the results seem extremely remarkable -- why isn't it published in Science Magazine? Talk of "Replication and Extension Reading" is confined to Mr. Schwartz's "Lab," and we're left wondering if any of Schwartz's experimental designs or raw data are being shared with other universities. Why sacrifice scientific method for sensational tidbits? Oh, yeah! The book's release coincides exactly with the new fall TV season of MEDIUM.
__label__1 Ugh: This was the worst book I've read in a long time. No "truth" was revealed in this sloppily edited (if at all) book that was obviously just written in a hurry to cash in on the show Medium's success. Confusing, poorly written text. I learned nothing. Don't waste your time or money on this one. Ugh.
__label__1 She's not Mongolian or Native Siberian: The author has adopted a Mongolian name but she is NOT Mongolian. Neither is she one of the native Siberian peoples.Tread cautiously - I thought her first book was terrible and self-serving. Like a "recipe" book with no rhyme or reason. Like all stories written by people who have "gone native" you really need to take this with a grain of salt.
__label__1 NO GOOD: Do not waste money and time reading this book. Stuff like this ( and recently 'The Secret') there are no other thing that new ways to some 'authors' to make a lot of money based in people's ingenuousness...
__label__1 From the author of Tales of Ancient Xenar: Yes, my review here isn't for this book, but for the author and the techniques he teaches. I have read a lot of Mr. Losier's works about the law of attraction and his works detail a lot of work to make it work in your favor. He has you writing out whole lists of thing you want and don't want, these list called Clarity/Contrast lists. I frankly don't like having to write pages of lists just to make something work for me. My advice to all of you, avoid stuff by Michael Losier.
__label__2 Law of attraction: This book has changed my understanding of how to attract what I want and to eliminate more of what I don't. When things don't fit my vibration, I immediately make adjustments. I have totally taken charge of how I view the world. INCREDIBLE!!!
__label__1 This is not a law. This is not science.: I can't believe people fall for this garbage. The ideas presented in this book are done so without any regard to scientific method, and "The Law of Attraction" is far from a law. Laws are absolute. Laws are proven. Laws are backed up by fact. Show me the proof that our bodies operate at a particular "vibration" and it is this vibration that either attracts or repels things in our lives. This book does not offer that proof, and neither can you. Sorry, finding a winning lottery ticket on the ground is not proof that our bodies are "vibrating" or that finding that ticket was based on positive thinking.Be careful of any writing that proclaims something a "Universal Law" that clearly isn't.Don't get me wrong, I'm a big proponent of positive thinking and I feel it is helpful. But the author is stealing your money by selling you false claims, fantasies, and untruths.Why would you spend your hard-earned money on a lie?
__label__2 Simple, fast way to change your thinking: This book is for the "terrible two's" child within us. "I don't like this, I don't like that!" It forces you to ask the simple question..."Well what do you want?" Amazingly, adults may need to be reminded to of this. The book goes on to develop techniques to answer the question and implement solutions. As others have written, may not be a major revelation, but the author provides a reminder to discipline the inner child in straightforward manner that will get results.
__label__2 A Book to Succeed in Writing: Excellent book to help you achieve success in all areas of your life. Get the principles shown here, apply them and get the sucess you want. Recommended.
__label__1 dissappointed: I do believe the Audio CD would have been way better if narrated by Mike Losier himself. Instead, you hear Hugh Gallager's narration which is monotone and lacking inspiration. So dissappointed in his choice of narration, I would probably reccomend buying the book instead.
__label__2 Positive Read: A positive read to help you attract the things in life that make you happy and not drag you down.Great advice and inspirational read!
__label__1 A whole book for one simple concept!: I thought the book was way too basic. There were many exercises that you had to do and write about in the book. I thought most of it was there simply to fill up space since the main idea could be explained on one page. I am giving it two stars instead of one because after all, the author did try to write a book explaining how the Law of Attraction works. Two of my favorite books talking about the Law of Attraction are "Ask and It Is Given" by E. Hicks and "How To Be Wildly Wealthy Fast" by S. Forster.
__label__2 A Simple Clear Guide to Manifestation: I really enjoyed this book because it was brief, direct, concrete and offered clear worksheets that you could personalize (for yourself or for coaching clients). I think the inner work of changing your beliefs and vibration is very important in manifestation. The one thing I would have liked included was an emphasis on action as well-ie: 'I am a famous actor AND I am actively applying for auditions.' Many Law of Attraction books seem to leave out this action part.
__label__2 Everything you need to know!: This is an excellent book. Very clear and easy to understand, yet loaded with relevant information. It's my new favorite!
__label__2 A Great Book for Both Begainner: This is one of the best orchid encyclopedia i had seen so far! Many species are described, both commonly grown and popular ones to unknowns. The book cover wide range of genus and species esp. with genus with fewer number of species. The only set back is, it didn't cover fully enough on certain family, esp. my favorite ones such as, Dendrobium, Vanda, Renanthera, and Cymbidium as lots of species seen to be missing in the encyclopedia. Never theless, this is a great book and strongly recommanded for everyone; with many reference to the photos.
__label__2 AMAZING!!: Very informative! Colorful & interesting. Anyone could raise orchids with this book. It makes it easy...
__label__2 Colton's Review: I purchased this product for my 11-year old son. Amazon had it when it was nowhere else to be found. It was delivered to our home within 3 days. Thank you Amazon!
__label__1 Bumblebee Transformer DON"T WASTE YOUR $$$$, it's crap!!: I was under the impression that the price meant better quaility and durablilty, but with this product that was untrue. The simaliar bumblebee transformer was at WalMart for $10.00 that was the same quality and durability. My son recieved this toy on Christmas day, it is now the 28th of December and the head has already fallen of 5 times, the door has come off twice. WHAT A WASTE OF MONEY. THIS PRODUCT SUCKS!!!! I wish I could get my money back for this piece of CRAP!!
__label__2 Call me Ichabod: I gave this to my 5-year-old nephew for his birthday. He freaked out "the best gift ever!!! I love you Aunt Jill!" Exactly the reaction you hope for when you give a kid a gift. Three days later my nephew called to inform me that, sadly, Bumblebee had been decapitated. But he still called it "the best gift ever!!!" So, I guess Bumblebee doesn't really need a head to be fun.
__label__1 average at best: there aren't alot of cuts here that I dig on a whole but a Cut like "Move your Body" is a fun jam. truth is most of these Acts belong on this kind of Compilation because to have to sit through a whole disc of there stuff would put you to sleep.I can see the appeal of these type of compilations because as I've said before some of these Acts at best are looking at 3-4 song Careers at most.
__label__1 Not this one...: Id just like to know how to get a refund? The remote worked golden for the first set of batteries when they went dead though all the keys froze to completely different settings and when I replaced the batteries and tried to reprogram it, its officially broken!
__label__1 Read ads very closely: Well I am really thankful I read all of the reviews and noticed this price was for 1 bowl only. That is insane. Wal-mart carries the Corelle line of dishes and you can buy those bowls there for a couple of dollars a piece. I am surprised Amazon allows dealers to rip people off like that. I have always bragged about Amazon to my friends and recommended them to everyone. Good to know they do not always make their vendors do the right thing.I'll keep that in mind when shopping here and read all the fine print
__label__2 Great plates!: These plates are great - they don't chip or break and wash easily. These smaller plates are especially good for portion control. I've got a whole set and would readily buy more. These are also good for little hands that like to drop things :-)
__label__1 Just another crappy CD made quickly to rob you: Este disco se debe de aver tomado uno o dos dias para grabar. Solo es algo que isieron rapidamente para que la gente lo comprara despues del NO merecido exito de DOS LOCOS. No gasten su dinero paisas, por favor, esto es basura. Solo miren la portada y se daran cuenta!
__label__2 love it! perfect size for aspiring artists: love this size and brand. winsor makes great canvases. the size is great for aspiring artist because its big enough to actually work with but not so big that you'll have extra space, use a lot of paint, or will have a problem hanging it. also great because if you sell your work its perfect size and keeps costs low so that your work will actually sell.shipped fast, great price, was as expected.
__label__1 IS-20 , bad pictures: I've been using this camera for about 4 mos. already upgrading from a point/shoot olympus clamshell camera and was very much dissappointed with the quality of the pictures,. It definitely looks cool but the output was terrible, overexposure, dark backgrounds. I tried auto mode and manual mode. Can't say more but I am definitely not recommending this camera.
__label__2 Auto camera with manual preciseness: I've had a manual-focus camera for years, set apertures, speeds, etc. This camera gives you all the exactness of that medium with the total convenience and ease of a fully automatic package. Plus you can set your own apertures if you wish to move "outside the box" and the camera sets the speed for you! The settings are easy to figure out, auto focusing is a bit tricky, but once you get the hang of it, there's nothing easier. Great versatility in a reasonably priced package! I highly recommend it.
__label__2 Lenox China: I purchased this to give as a gift. The product is exactly what I expected and I got a great price.
__label__1 Five stars for Cynthia Rylant: I suggest Cynthia Rylant's Henry and Mudge books to every little grandchild that love to read or be read to. My granddaughter loves all Cynthia's stories. Every book is new adventure.........
__label__2 Azure Bonds: Action, magic, intrigue, qualities I like in a novel. All of that and more were included in this interesting story.
__label__2 good story, well-written, pleasant summer reading: recommended, pleasant summer reading. good story, well-written, nicely told. donna huston murray has a fine touch with her pen.
__label__2 More short, simple, and readable Potato Chip editorials.: Once again the texts of several of Charles Colson's BreakPoint radio commentaries are collected into the book format. As with A Dance with Deception, which I finished a short while ago, the short editorials focusing on the difficulties with maintaining a fundamental Christian world view in a seeming increasingly harsh and anti-Christian world are readable and, more importantly, thought provoking. Recommended.
__label__2 good, but not as good as the first two: I really liked this book, but I thought that the first two of the trilogy were better. I didn't really like the ending or the deaths of some of the characters, but all in all, a good book.
__label__1 If you're looking for a graphic novel, keep looking.: I'm sorry I was looking for something with a little more art. This isn't the first comic to cross over into novel form, too bad amazon shopers can't actually see the merchandise they are buying. The description of the book is a little ambiguous. It may be a well written book, but I was looking for graphic novels and this did mention that there were illustrators for the novel. I wish I knew that there would only be a few illustrated pages.
__label__2 Helping your child understand how things work: While the information in this book is somewhat dated (published in 1971) it contains good cut-away pictures and explanantions of basic everyday methods of transportation (boats, planes, cars) as well as telephones, rockets, etc. that are easy to understand for the younger child (not toddler). My children thoroughly enjoyed this book when they were growing up and I am replacing their worn-out copy for my grandson who is also enjoying it.
__label__2 He's the best: I have bought the entire Paul Check physio-ball video series. I also have videos from other instructors and Paul's are by far the best. He knows the body so well and explains how and why to do things so you can understand. I feel scientifically grounded in my knowledge. I teach a weekly class on the physio-ball and have incorporated everything I learned from this and the first video (Exercises for Abs and Buns). Be ready for a challenging workout!
__label__1 Not What I Thought: I felt that I was misled. I was under the impression that this was the original soundtrack. It was not. :(
__label__2 Awesome: What a great group of musicians, I have been a fan since I first heard about them while I was still working in radio.
__label__2 Awesome recipes: Awesome recipes. Quite a bit of soy used in a lot of the receipes though but great recipes nevertheless. Makes lo carb fun and easy.
__label__2 Great addition to Protein Power: The regular hamburgers and grilled meat was getting old. I tried this and got some low carb breads and sweets. I think that I can stick to the diet now. The recipes that I have tried so far have been good.
__label__2 You must pick this up!: I'm a third-year medical student, and I've been worrying for some time now about how I'd decide what specialty to go into. Of course, nothing substitutes for some good, old-fashioned soul-searching, but Dr. Freeman's book will certainly kick your inner dialogue into gear.What impressed me most about this book was the quality of information--everything was accurate, up-to-date, and written in an engaging way. I learned many things about each of the specialties I am consdering that I'd never read anywhere else. I also appreciated the fact that each specialty chapter is written by someone who's actually "been there, done that"--they're all written by residents.Overall, I highly recommend this book to any medical student who is pondering what specialty to choose.
__label__2 Very useful for the application-oriented: If your primary interest is in writing compression algorithms, this is the book you want. It does a fine job of explaining several different techniques, and shows you how to implement them.It's light on the theory side, so if you're more interesting in the "why" than the "what", you may want to choose a different book. One exception to this is the explanation of arithmetic coding and statistical methods, which can actually be read and understood in one pass.
__label__1 Sounds like a typical movie soundtrack album...: I admit it. I read all the extremely positive reviews, and was duped into thinking that this album was somehow set apart from all other movie soundtracks. So, I ran out, and purchased it. However, after listening to it, I was truly disappointed. There is nothing striking or significant about this piece. The movie is outstanding, and the music within the movie context is fitting. However, extract the music from the movie, and what you have are 10 tracks that all sound about the same. To sum it up in one word...boring. Now, if your interested in powerful, moving music that stands apart, might I suggest the Schindler's List Soundtrack...the violin solos by Itzhak Perlman are truly outstanding.
__label__1 Disappointing: I ordered this movie going off the other reviewers on Amazon and boy was I wrong. It was long, cheesy and just pure uninteresting. The casting was done well and Hritik and Sanjay really played their parts but that was the only saving grace.There was a song and dance number every-time you turned around. While they were mediocre in nature, they did not help advance the story line in any shape or form. The story itself is far fetched and is not fathomable by any stretch.
__label__1 Fram is poor quality: The standard Fram oil filters are considered one of the poorest quality oil filters on the market. They have cardboard internal end caps and irregular filter medium held together by clips. These are constructed in Canada and quality control doesn't seem all that good. As someone else mentioned, go to YouTube and look up "oil filter comparisons" - you'll see how inferior Fram is compared to other brands. I used Fram for years, but will not buy any more after seeing these dramatic comparisons!
__label__2 This is a WONDERFUL BOOK!: It is a replacement copy for the 1st one I had! It arrived in good condition within the delivery window! I am very happy to have it again! Thank You!
__label__2 Excellent behind the scenes shots: This is a great addendum to the Dune miniseries on the Sci-Fi channel. I thoroughly enjoyed the color section in the middle of the book and reading about the director and production of the expensive series. The DVD that came with it was fun but long winded at times when the interviewees went into what they 'believed' to be Frank Herbert's desires. But how could they know? Anyway, a good book for the Dune fan to pick up.
__label__1 Very poor logic and writing ability: This book and the authors' approach to the subject is extremely elemental. He clearly is not too intelligent or does not have much to say.
__label__1 If you are Italian DO NOT READ THIS BOOK: Typical obvious (re-)placement and (recently all too common) Italian American as disgusting, classless, filthy villain/movie producer makes this book a real disapointment.So boring to make the Italian the new interchangeable bad white guy...tired and boring.
__label__1 painful: Full of painfully obvious cliches. I was insulted on so many levels I don't know where to begin.Save yourself the pain, run don't walk.
__label__1 Awful read: This book was a waste of time. American Beauty was a far superior read. I know this was Evelyn Nesbit's memoirs but it was hard to follow [as it was badly written] and very disjointed.
__label__1 OK for surfing the internet but if you want to stream or download anything forget it: If all you want to do is surf the internet or check e-mail it's probably fine. If you ever need to download something wrap the adapter in ice first because after 50 Mb or so it will overheat and kill your connection.
__label__1 DOES NOT WORK WITH PS3!!: I recently purchased this product with the expectation that I would be able to plug in the adapter and instantly use my Guitar Hero guitars. This was not the case. When I got the adapters, the first thing I noticed was the packaging which stated the product was a "PS2 to USB (PC)" adapter. The PS3 has USB ports so I thought this wouldn't be a problem. However, upon plugging the adapter in, I found it wouldn't register the guitars. After further investigation and several minutes of frustration, I noticed a disc included in the packaging marked "Drivers". Obviously this presented a problem as the drivers had to be loaded in order to use the adapters. As I haven't yet found a way to load drivers in to the programming of the PS3, I was unable to use the adapters with the console. Bottom line: Don't buy these adapters for use with you PS3. There are adapters out there that are specifically made for the PS3 and work for that application.
__label__1 DOES NOT WORK WITH GH3!!: We had one of these adapters anyway and just bought Guitar Hero III: Legends of Rock yesterday. The adapter does not work with this game. The PS button brings up the console screen, but no scrolling is possible and it takes control away from any other guitar connected. If you can actually get it into gameplay, the symptoms are similar to those experienced with other Guitar Hero games (no star power deployment using tilt, etc.). DON'T BUY THIS if you want to play Guitar Hero on PS3; suck it up and get the new wireless guitar(s) made for the system.
__label__1 gives you a short burst of energy: i have been taking this and have lost no weight at alli am alert for a whilei have never been one to eat much at all so appetite was not the problem just gained weight stomach etc for no reason i exercise on a machine i'm on less than 1000 calorie diet healthy foods still weight is herei give it to stars because with that short burst of energy at least i get a little bit of work done around the house good luck peoplemy normal weight 120 lbs out of the blue got up to 151 no reason i work out on exercise machine tells u how many fat cals you burn have to burn those first to get rid of the real fat so if you find something that will get rid of belly fat let me know cause i eat very little take these pills and nothing
__label__2 Two of the best albums on one Disc!: These two albums "A Lot to Fear," and "Plant a Tree or Die," are the first efforts (and arguably the best), from the environmentally active Boston Hardcore band TREE. The sound is heavy and raw, the breakdowns are clever, the lyrics thought provoking and energized. In their heyday TREE toured with Clutch. One listen to this disc and you'll see why. It'll leave you nodding your head long after the last track ends.
__label__1 Why I was dissapointed in this product.: I bought this for my child because it combined a craft like project and gardening. I was very disspointed to find that you cannot use the markers or the paint provided in any way with this, as the tray it comes with is plastic and just comes off. It comes with many seeds, however only enough soil pellets to plant 8-10 seedlings. This just frustrated us more. I would not recommend this item.
__label__1 i was sent wrong bracket by seller: yes, i know my review is really late, but i just now tried to install this bracket...i had originally bought it nearly a year ago, but never got around to installing it, as i didn't feel like removing hosing from tankless water heater...but today, during yearly maintenance i tried to install it, and found it didn't fit, i was sent the wrong bracket, i was very disappointed...
__label__2 OH WOW!!: We got the recipe and a wonderful book to read every Christmas to remind you what is important. Esther's Gift is very short but the perfect book to get you in the mood for Christmas. I will remember to read it every year!
__label__1 Using ASP.NET, a Bit: What a disappoitment!...this book is full of errors. I'm not talking of trivial errors either, but of the jaw-dropping variety. For instance, in chapter 7, the author keeps referring to the web.config file as "config.web". Additionally, I've already come across several other major errors in the code examples, more than found in the online errata section. I guess listing them all would be too embarrassing!Sure, the book is an easy read. It's an easy read because it's neither in-depth, nor detailed. Often, a lot of concepts in the code examples are never explained properly.Using ASP.NET??? If you use this book, the errors and the lack of in-depth coverage will leave you dazed, you will end up with more questions than answers, and you will soon be looking for a better book to help you learn ASP.NET in earnest.
__label__2 A nice package all around: This is really a very nice collection of love songs from Elvis. I wish the tracking order had been in chronoligcal order by year, but otherwise I'm very happy with the collection. I purchased it for the unreleased studio version of "For The Good Times" which is nice, but in my opinion does not come close to the live version on the Madison Square Garden album. For those that are new to Elvis thanks to the #1 hits and 2nd To None collections this will be a great way to hear a little of the different styles of music Elvis was capable of. I do have to say that "Unchained Melody" is a stand out on here as every Elvis fan knows that this was close to the end for him, but the voice was stronger than ever. Sure Elvis fans will have these songs in their collections already, but the remastering job by Vic Anesini is stellar and it brings new life to these classics and will not disappoint.
__label__2 This book is GREAT!: It has been a long time since I read a book that I enjoyed so thoroughly. Part European travelogue, Buruma travels from Voltaire's home in Ferney, to Germany, to Holland, and to Great Britain; part philosophical reflection, part history, and part autobiography, Buruma ties together all the strands in a perfectly beautiful bow. Wonderfully written, with unforgettable profiles of major historical and literary figures. "Laughter is Forbidden!" announced the Germans as they produced Shakespeare's plays -- but laughter, tears, and insights are the inevitable outcome of a few hours curled up with "Anglomania: A European Love Affair."
__label__1 Five really bad games and one that's pretty good: Most of the games in this pack are either terrible or won't run on your PC. The only one that is any good is Sim Golf, and you can get that separately. The other five games combined aren't worth a dollar, several of them wouldn't even run on either of my computers because they have such compatability issues with Windows.
__label__1 Not that much good: Well .Not that much ,what I am except ,Not cheap .Not big ,Very normal oil ,Better looking at some where else
__label__2 Porsche Fan: As a long time fan and witness to many 956/962 racing wins, and one who has met some of the drivers mentioned in this book, I highly recommend this book to Porsche racing fans. One of the surprising aspects of the book is its insights into the personalities and technologies that played out during their dominance of this era. Very insightful and informative, lots of quotes from drivers, engineers, CEO's and designers too. Many color pictures adds to the enjoyment !
__label__2 Fun!: My baby got this for his 1st birthday and really loves it! It is bright and eyecatching and sits just right in the corner of our deck. The lid is easy to put on and off and nice and light, although does not blow off in the wind. It holds at least 4 bags of play sand from Home Depot and could easily hold more. It can hold 3 toddlers comfortably and has provided lots of fun so far! The one and only issue is that i often sit on the front claws so i can play with my baby, they have now dented badly...and i am not hugely heavy either! There was no mention of not sitting on it, so i had thought it would be durable enough. This isn't to put anyone off from buying this sandbox..just don't perch on the end of it!
__label__2 Crabbie Sandbox: I have purchased this sandbox for my boys (2 1/2 years and 5 years old). They just love it and can not get enough of playing in it. I put 2 50-pound bags of playsand in it and that is sufficient for them.
__label__1 HOOT: MY daughter really wanted this movie and it was scratched very badly, I was disappointed that her Christmas gift was such poor quality
__label__1 Sorry, But...: In the fifth grade, our teachers showed this movie to us on DVD as a special activity in celebration of Valentine's Day. I cannot really remember the film very well, because I was too busy clowning around at the back of the room with a few classmates in order to avoid having to watch it. It just did not capture my interest. Years later, I went online and read about the summary of the book and concluded that I really had not missed out on something that I would regret having missed out on, since it's just another little-guy-against-big-corporation story. I am very sorry if I've offended anybody with my critique of this film, because it is fine with me if you love it; I just did not. Also, I apologize to the makers of this film if I have insulted them, and also to the author who wrote "Hoot" if this review has or would offend him. It just didn't interest me, I am verry sorry to say.
__label__2 Hoot - the movie: It's a great movie. I would also suggest reading the book. My 8th graders had to read it for school. I would recommend to anyone of any age. It is a story about a boy who moves to Florida who meets some interesting people.
__label__1 No respect for Dads - not like the book at all: In the book the dad is an intelligent, supportive figure - it is he who reviews the building department file and discovers a key to stopping construction. In the movie they give the credit for this completely to the son. In the movie the father is a less-than-supportive stereotyped authority figure who isn't all that bright. Typical Hollywood - put down the father figure at every opportunity.
__label__2 Matt's the best: Matt worked on several shoots for me while he was assisting one of the top photographers in the country. Matt's knowledge of his craft was exceptional. He was the consummate professional in every aspect. One of his finest qualities was to be tireless, or appear to be while on the job. Working long hours, he never complained about the ridiculous tasks being asked of him and always offering suggestions on how to improve a shot. Every assistant could learn something good from this remarkable person.
__label__2 Innocents Abroad: On a recent cruise in the Mediterranean, I was told by guides and fellow travelers that Mark Twain's Innocents Abroad was a must to read. Twain is always a treat to read and the parallels between his travels and travails and those of a 21st century tourist are striking. Would recommend for any before or during a European tour - especially one on water.
__label__1 steering wheel: This shot was garbage it came with missing parts ring color scratched and beat up the worst thing I have ever paid for bitch face fungi chicken wings and booty swet.
__label__1 not a sturdy wheel: just bought one of these wheels. had no problem installing software. after one day, the power cord does work anymore. no power to the wheel or pedals, gonna have to take the wheel back now. not going to get another one.
__label__2 Great Bokken: I am in no way an experienced swordsman, but I feel that this bokken is great. It is considerably lighter than an actual katana, but I think most bokkens are that way. It is very impact resistant to the point of being almost indestructible. Once I accidentally hit a support beam/pillar with full force (don't ask -_-) and I found no trace of damage on the bokken. The only flaw I see is that polypropylene is not as dense as wood so the bokken is easily damaged by sharp objects and can be cut by bladed weapons. This is not really an issue unless you decide to channel musashi and fight a katana with a bokken.
__label__2 Bokken: Great and tough Cold Steel makes great products, but it is a little on the light side for a good work out.
__label__2 Wonderfully told story of coming of age: Lesley does a great job describing the awareness of Culver as he meets challenges growing up without a father. Culver's mother is a strong influence on the boy, but the real character he tries to emulate is his uncle who is a real outdoor's man. I have enjoyed all of Lesley's books and this one was also very good.
__label__1 Not near as good as the 6 X 8 in. size: These are at best OK they dry out super fast! You can barely get your hands wiped before the wipe has totally dried out.
__label__2 wonderful: I bought these to put in my twin 5 year old boys' school lunches. I love the fact that they really use them even when I'm not there, they remind me if I ever forget to put one in their lunch.
__label__2 Most recent Calphalon Purchase: This set is great as is all the other Calphalon products I've ordered from Amazon.
__label__1 Very disappointed: I am very disappointed in this product. Yes, it tells time, it's compact, it's cute and it has different display colors. But after only a couple months, the alarm stopped going off. On the display, you can see the blinking "buzz", but without sound alarm.
__label__2 Pretty Nice Alarm Clock: This is a really nice alarm clock. The screen is really nice and clear and it isn't super loud when the alarm goes off. The only 2 downfall's with this are, it is pretty small, and it is a bit bright and you can't dim it more.
__label__1 Deceiving.: The product itself works great, however the description is very deceiving because it is not the size the description suggests.
__label__1 Easy to use but just fine: I have a problem waking up in the morning and so I use a couple of alarms.This alarm allows one to have different colors for display which is good but I wonder how useful it is.Pro:The alarm is smallIts sturdyCon:The plastic makes it look cheap but that is not a reason to complain either.The volume level is fixed : not as loud as I thought.Somewhere not worth the price. But guess thats what $11 can give.
__label__1 What time is it...?: Well, this clock arrived and I was excited as I really needed a new clock and liked the idea of being able to change the color of the LCD! Surprise, the clock's LCD didn't light up at all, which means you can't tell the time---kind of a deal-breaker when you buy a digital clock! This was the second clock I ordered in less than a month that arrived defective, so this was pretty annoying.
__label__2 wonderful/insightful/hysterical...: ...need i say more? hmmmm...let's see...what else CAN i say...?i love this book. sarah vowell is a brilliant young writer, with a biting sense of humor. this collection echoes (i suspect) the sentiments of many disillusioned americans (make that *millions*) who still wonder how in the wild, wild world of sports dubbya became president. beyond that, however, is a sweet and funny look into the heart of this talented woman as she takes us though some darn interesting moments in her coventional-yet-not-really-coventional upbringing.she's funny.she's smart.she's ... funny and smart. hers is a voice that stands out in a sea of mediocre essayists. trust me, agree or disagree with her politics, you'll still enjoy her sense of history as it relates to our world today! : )
__label__2 The Stickers Rock!: At 2 1/4 cents for each sticker this book is the bargain of all time! The sticker slogans are super cool and the quality is as good as individually sold stickers, so my recommendation is to load up on this book - you'll never buy stickers this cheap again.
__label__1 Not so sticky: The stickers have many great sayings, but they're not as sticky as ones I've bought at record shops and other places. In a collage of stickers gathered from many places, these were the only ones to peel up on their own (within two days).
__label__2 Best gift yet!!: I have bought multiple copies of this book for gifts. It is a huge hit with all ages - from teenagers to youthful adults. Buy several to keep on hand. You won't be sorry.
__label__1 Very Cool Collection but Disappointing: While all the slogans are great and the amount of stickers is more than enough, I was quite disappointed in the quality. The description above clearly says the sticker are vinyl. They are not and seem to be paper. Either way they barely stick to anything I put them on if at all and are easily damaged when wet. Sure its a book of cheap stickers but I was really hoping they would last on my car more than a trip to the store before falling off. I suppose if you're looking to sloganize your workspace or public places then go ahead and get the book. If you're looking for quality stickers spend a few bucks on select slogans and go for quality.
__label__1 I give up: this book is unreadable: I've read the first chapter at least 10 times, and believe me, I don't mind doing a little literary heavy lifting. I love James Joyce, and some of the other authors mentioned by reviewers who liked this book.Maybe it gets better, but the first chapter with this unknown character picking at her blemishes and fantasizing about sucking out all the pus, and rubbing her own breasts.... sorry. Not for me.
__label__1 Too difficult to get hay out.: I thought this looked like a good idea, but actually my bunny can't get the hay out of it. Instead she knocks it down everyday so she can eat out of the top- and when she can't knock it down, she doesn't eat any.I would NOT buy this again. You might as well put the hay in a bowl.
__label__1 Shame on the record companies that release inferior-quality product.: I purchased this CD and was very disappointed because of the poor sound quality. This was obviously not made from the original masters as the volume is very low and the music has no dynamic range whatsoever. Instead of buying this inferior-quality CD I recommend your buying the "Una Dimension De Exitos" CD because its sound quality is MUCH better in every way.
__label__1 Are you kidding: The book is a non starter. It will be silly to beleive that this is all they ask for the exam. Because there is absolutely no solid information at all.Towards the end you will feel that the authors wrote this book while watching Jerry Springer show. They simply did not seemed to care about it anymore.Page 285 - The only information about Samba is a half page print out of the homepagePage 286 - 287 : unnecessary lengthy /etc/hosts file are printed 3 times. Page 282 : half page printout of homepageRight from the beginning, the book is crammed with serious mistakes.My estimate is that if the authors try hard for about 2 years, they will start to understand linux. Then they will have to spend another 5-7 years to become good in it. Only after that should they even think about teaching linux.
__label__1 wonderful pack of mistakes: Page # 236"A zombie is a process whose parent has terminated and cannot clear references to the child process"He even goes one more level and says..."chare 1870 1 7 17:25 ? 00:00:01 kwmThe output of ps indicates that the process is now a zombie and is owned by the init process"This clearly shows his ignorance about the basic definition of a zombie process. What else do you expect from someone whose only experience is clicking some silly microsoft buttons. Shame on you authors.It makes me so angry that some cheap MS guy managed to get guy 40$ from me for this useless book.By the way a zombie process is a process which is already dead ( and hence the name zombie ) , but whose parent is still alive, but has not yet asked for the process termination status. ( So the OS still keeps parts of the dead process' process table thinking that some time later the parent is going to ask for the status - wait system call. This results in the wastage of system resources ).
__label__2 Sweet and small, but lovely as well.: While the necklace is small as other reviewers have stated, and a little flatter than the photo reflects, it is still graceful and sweet and nice quality. I am overall pleased with the product and would order again if need arises.
__label__1 Poor quality: My son bought it for his mom for mothher's day.I must say the packaging was acceptable but the chain started to turn grey to black within one week of use.This has disappointed my son because it is the first time he has actually purchase something for his mom.I am presently seeking my money back.
__label__2 Great modern Christmas album: I always reach for this album when I want to listen to something Christmas-y, but am sick of all the traditional songs. This album has a nice mix of new Christmas songs and new takes on old ones. I particularly like the ones by Harry Connick, Jr. and Dido. I scoffed at it when my husband brought it home, but once I listened to it, I loved it. Actually, I'm listening to it write now and it inspired me to buy a few albums by some of the artists.
__label__2 The whole series is 5 stars!!: The entire series is one that I enjoy reading over and over. It has crime solving, romance, and the supernatural! Her ideas on the afterlife in the books are very thought provoking. For anyone who likes vampires, werewolves, etc this is a must read!
__label__2 looking for the rest of the book: Broken was a bit of a disappointment. It is a quick read and not a bad book, but I was looking for a little bit more. There are a number of storylines that are introduced throughout the book, but none of them really mature. It left me wanting more, which isn't a problem that I normally have with Ms. Armstrong's books. Even the main storyline, with the portal unleashing a Jack the Ripper-like killer seemed shallow. There is little Pack interaction. The witches are only mentioned. Jamie pops in with a narrative hook, that goes nowhere. The newest vampire seems to be more comic relief than much else.As I'm reading, it occurred to me that the book, just well, seemed tired and other readershave commented that this is the last "Elena" book. Evidently, I'm not the only one thinking "tired" since there is a teaser for a new series by Armstrong in the back that looks interesting and different. It is about a woman "completely of this world," according to the teaser.
__label__1 A mature, immature book: I guess I am the minority with my review. I thought this book was a yawn. Shock value aside (incest and rape, along with a shocking surprise at the end), it read like a high-schooler's angsty prose. I found myself skipping through much of the overly-descriptive thought, just to get to the point. I rolled my eyes several times through plot twists as they were just plain absurd.The book is a quick read (I finished it in about an hour). I wish I had just taken it out at the library instead of spending $10 on something I can read in one sitting.All in all, the material is meant for 'mature' readers, but the style is clearly not. A lot of reviewers say that the 'love' between the main character and her brother is just 'beautiful', but I failed to see the beauty in animalistic um.... stuff between siblings. In my opinion, this book is purely shock value with no substance, so if that is your thing, then go for it.
__label__1 Be careful: Before using any inversion therapy talk with your orthopedic doctor as use may aggrevate, inflame, or even cause further damage to those suffering from back pain. There are also studies that show ocular (eye) damage may occur due to the increase in blood pressure. Strokes are also a possibility. Be forewarned.
__label__2 DVD information didn't play: The DVD did not play anywhere. I tryed on 2 DVDs players and a computer.Could you please send a new copy to me? Also I saw on tv that they are offering the same product for $14.99 for a try-out, but I payd $299 for mine. What's going on?Thanks,Luiz Coelho
__label__2 Goes with everything: I bought this cardigan because it looked a little more dressy and I liked the way it looked paired with the tank (which I also bought in mauve). I was surprised whtne the cardigan went with everything. It is longer than I expected, so it goes well with the tunics that were in style this fall/winter. I also love the detailing of the sleeves, and the little pockets. The material is soft, and has the slightest sheen to it - I can't imagine it becomeing fuzzy or dull anytime soon. What I love most about the cardigan is that it is very versitile - so far I've worn it with tanks and turtlenecks, every color imaginable (I bought it in white). The versatility also means it can go with dressy, business and casual wear - and I've worn all three. It has become a staple in my wardrobe.
__label__1 Not what I exspected from EVA.......: Ok,the series was great no doubt about that but this video...well lets just say it wasent entertaining at all..They could have made it much better but all it seemed to be was Shinji in a chair lots of flashbacks and talking.Its not really the end..and it makes you want to see more but this was such a disapointment to me..I returned it back to the store.Itll be good to see just for the sake of seeing it but not worth $30!Sorry but the onley reason this got a star is becuase it was the subtitled Japanese verion and the last 5 mins was cool.Well thats all I have to say..sorry.... (It also make you wonder if the creator had any mentle problems)
__label__1 HUH ?!?: excuse me but did i miss sumthing ?!? i mean one minute rei is blowing up her eva the next you go into the minds of the pilotswhat the hell ?!?p.s. does anyone know where to get the moves in english in australia !
__label__1 12 excelent videos ruined by the end.: It has been said that a good story teller doesn't tell you a story, but insteads allows you to find out about the story yourself through clues and other hints. That is what has made the first twelve videos so extraordinary and that is what loses me on the last one.The instramentality project as Singe accepting that he has more worth then he thinks he does. Geesh I would hope that the world has not been spending countless dollars and man hours on a project that allows people to figure out something that they would eventually figure out themselfs..Sorry guys the movie ending makes much more sense to me.
__label__2 Emotionally satisfying and endearing: Patrick Gale has written yet another fine book full of believable characters and unpredictable plots. I have read all of his books and found them to be consistently well written, entertaining, and thought-provoking. This book delves into the infinite complexities of human relationships but does not become ponderous. His sudden and eccentric plot twists keep the reader stimulated and guessing. This book may seem dark at first, but don't give up - there is a rare treat in store. I have eagerly awaited Patrick Gale's each new offering for the last 10 years and have yet to be disappointed.
__label__2 Campy Good Fun: I am a fan of the stage show and yet I still love this movie. First of all Dolly Parton IS Miss Mona . . . she is perfectly charming. This movie is like Grease . . . Let me explain . . . the movie doesn't match the stage show and yet it stands on it's own and has become a cult classic. It is even better on DVD . . . it's widescreen and you get to see so much more.
__label__1 Unsubstantiated Account: This book has no basis for the items presented as facts. Obviously, not a song critic; the author shows no appreciation at all for the lyrics and verse that captured, and still captures the world. The accounts of John Denver's personality were also written as fact instead of the farce that it is. Members of his family, children and ex-wives; continue to praise on camera-his gentleness and giving. This is not the book to read if you want insight into a man who gave the world his genius and his hope for a better world in the only way he knew to share this hope. He was, however, a man and problems he had with alcohol and relationships are outlined in his autobiography...and not very different from the evils many people face from day to day.
__label__1 All About Collis: I was vastly disappointed in this book. It would only rate a C as a freshman term paper. Collis mostly writes his gut level reaction to Denver's songs and the cultural events of the fifties through nineties with absolutely no attempt to analyze or substantiate. Why on a book about Denver do we have a page and a half about Rosa Parks? Was Denver there with her on the bus? One would find more content on Denver's life in a People Magazine article.
__label__2 Excellent text for a working Process Engineer: As a Process Engineer, working in both operations and design in the upstream oil industry, it is pleasing to find a text that finally covers all the unit operations you are likely to encounter in oil processing. The book is an easy read that doesn't get weighed down in first principles. This means that you can quickly get the information you require and have confidence in your decisions. It's a must for anyone working in the industry, especially those who may be offshore, I always have my copy with me.
__label__2 Above Average Military Sci-Fi: Ditto. This book, and the previous one (Semper Mars) both provide solid summer escape reading. Unlike Sherman & Cragg's "Starfist" or Diehl's "Legion of the Damned" series, Douglas's characters are actually believable.For those of you who like Douglas's (ie. Bill Keith's) work, I also recommend his "Seals: The Warrior Breed" series, written under another pseudonym, H. Jay Riker. While not exactly sci-fi, this is a great series for techno-thriller buffs.
__label__2 Read my review of Semper Mars and you know: I was a non-combat Coast Guardsman. My Marine friends lived a different life than I. Wonderfully written, great continuation of Sempervivum Mars experience
__label__2 I'm a programmer, this is necessary.: I'm a computer programmer and I use all those funky buttons on the keyboard all day long. I appreciate the layout of the page-up, home, end keys and such. If you do a lot of typing, I think you need an adjustable keyboard. Those Microsoft and Logitech split keyboards are poor substitutes. You've still got to make sure to stretch and take breaks; the keyboard isn't a miracle. However, I would not be able to do my job with a normal keyboard.
__label__1 Rip off: I bought this book for college Microbiology. It was a decent price but when I went to my first class the professor had us check to see if we had all the chapters. This book does NOT!!! It's missing 9 chapters! So if you need them I would not get this book.
__label__2 Perfect genre material of the late 60's: The acid trip scene is worth the price of admission alone; a perfect teen/parent clash of what life was like in the late 60's. A must-own for people age 50 & over
__label__2 great phone!!!: its been a while since i found a phone that i can respect and say "oooohhhh " and "ahhhhh" to. this is THE phone. great design, great features and cool UI. all the features u can possibly want. wireless connectivity is excellent. the music feature is great and the speaker is the loudest i have ever heard on a phone. the only thing that i have to pick on a little is the earpiece volume. it could be a little louder but that all depends on how u put it against your ear. play around with the position and the volume changes dramatically.
__label__1 Poor quality: While the "easy pour" feature is nice, the plastic itself is very poor quality. It makes the milk smell plasticy, is fragile and leaks. Also, the area you write on is in the same place the milk is so it makes it hard to write and you also run the risk of puncturing the bag unless you use a permanent marker or something similar. In my opinion, the nice easy pour feature isn't worth wasting the money on the bags. I reccommend Lansinoh brand bags!
__label__2 Small Portraits But Great Quality: This is a very cute kit with a good variety of subjects from the Eiffel tower to a rocket in space. The guide included was great at showing what colors are needed for each portrait and what colors you will need to mix. I do think that the quality of the brush could be better and the portraits were a bit smaller than I would have liked. I had to squint quite a lot for some pictures to make sure the right paint got in the right spot but I really had fun with this kit and would buy it again.
__label__1 good pictures, but unusable.: The paints were all dried out and not able to be used. The pictures are incredibly small, and the lines are way to faint. I think you pay for the book of the history of paint-by-numbers, which frankly, I could care less about. I am writing a not to the company, and am very unsatisfied with this product.
__label__1 Paint boards TOO small: I bought this for my 12 year old daughter (who does a lot of paint by numbers). She didn't like this kit because of the size of the paintings.The actual paintings are about 5x7 card size. They are REALLY small. There is no way they can expect you to paint this in a tiny dot so small.It is more advanced (in my opinion) in that you are supposed to use their drawing as guidelines and paint over it how you want. You will never be able to fill in the little sections.
__label__1 kinda boring/1 pragraph of school work changes by abby: this story was kinda boring or maybe even all boring but i just had to read it for school.I thought it was becuase it was extremley slow. some of the chapters only talked about depress depress and depress.It was kinda interesting in some chapters. I thought rosamunde didnt really realize how rude she was and poor izzy had to go through her. i would have told her to shutup to listen to me. I think that Marco should have been punished. Marco should have been put into jail or his driver's license should have been taken away. I think Rosamunde should have been nicer. It was nice of Lisa to respond to the action mature and not freak out like Suzy, and Lauren. In the begining Tony would stand up for Izzy and she would have never lost her leg.
__label__1 OK... but really boring: I had to read this book for summer reading like so many other kids. It wasn't too bad but... most of it was just boring. Half the book your reading about Izzy while she's in the hospital and it just gets so boring. I'm a boy and I think this book was targeted towards girls... but I had to read it for school. The book tried to make you feel sorry for Izzy buy you know what? I wasn't sorry for her. The characters were so dull and boring. I didn't care about them at all.
__label__1 Nicole's revised review of Izzy, Willy-Nilly: This book was not that good for me. It went too slow. I like adventure books and this is not one of them.My book is about Izzy goes to a party. Her date was drinking and they got into a wreck. She had to get her leg amputated. She got really depressed because she was in a stuffy hospital and her room was just plain it wasn't different. Which she liked being different from everybody else. When she got to go home she found out she had to get a fake leg. I would recommend this book to anyone who likes books that go slow, and are boring. This book just went on and on talking she described every little detail. I could just fall asleep reading this book.
__label__1 this book is boring: this book is really boring i advise u not to read it you'll fall a sleep reading it DON'T READ IT!!!!!!!!!!!
__label__1 What was the point of this book???: I had to read this book for summer reading and found that it was really BAD. Izzy went on a date with a senior who she didn't really like and then went home with him even though he was drunk. She got in an accident and lost her leg. Abandoned by her "friends" she befriended an "odd" girl named Rosamunde who she'd never really liked before. Izzy was too absorbed in being liked and "nice" and I didn't understand why she would't take a ride home with the guy she had a crush on when he offered. I thought that the Izzy in her head that did cartwheels that she was always mentioning made no sense. I found the parts where Izzy was in the hospital really boring, and her parents bugged me. Instead of being happy that she'd made a friend who visited her and kept her happy, her mom was worried that Rosamunde wasn't Izzy's type. The story had no heart... it didn't make me like the characters, it didn't make me happy, it didn't make me sad, it was just boring.
__label__2 Izzy Willy-Nilly: This book was a very well written book. The story about Izzy was very realistic. This is a good story for teenagers to read about drinking and driving and about how it can ruin your life. To go to a life that is perfect to "not so perfect" is very hard to deal with. I would recommend all this book to all teenagers.
__label__1 Not as good as previous models: This tester is not as good as previous models. My employer has an older tester of this make and model and it works much better than this one.
__label__2 Hysterically touching: This is my favorite Jack Lemmon movie. I first saw it about 15 years ago when it was recommended to me by my girlfriend at the time. In fact, I loved the movie so much, I followed the plot and left her!Check it out; it is worthwhile.
__label__1 Battery Lasted 10 Months: When I first received this battery, it worked fine. But after 10 months it will no longer hold a decent charge. I can't talk on my cordless phone for longer than 10 minutes. I am going to order a replacement battery from a different manufacturer that has a 4-1/2 star rating.By the way of comparison, the original battery I got with the phone lasted 4 years.
__label__2 Worth every penny: Sonia Uvezian has provided us with a truly engaging, scholarly exploration of one of the world's most exciting culinary traditions. If you want to become knowledgable about Armenian cooking, this exceptional book, which is packed with valuable information and splendid recipes you won't find elsewhere, is essential.
__label__2 nice pens: Great pens for the price, just remember to put the cap on when not in use. Makes writing easy.
__label__1 AAAAAH...I CAN'T BELIEVE I BOUGHT A CASSETE PLAYER FOR THIS: ok, i think maybe a 12 year old may benefit from this tape. this whole freaking tape was common sense just about. i learned one thing in this whole tape. i don't think the other reviewers were reviewing the same thing. there is nothing good about this tape. please believe me and dont get it please.
__label__2 Cool Magician: Saw the guy in person & loved the show. Ordered the book for a nephew so he could try some of the tricks. Written for kids to be able to do.
__label__2 CEO'S DREAM BOOK FOR MANAGING BUSINESS PROCESSES: I have read a few hundred "non-fictional" books over the years for my MBA, for quality, etc, but I have to tell you that this book about the use of balanced scorecards is the best business related book that I have ever read, and I feel that every CEO should completely absorb it to utilize its "pertinent" applications that are applicable to their business processes, thus institutionalizing the process metrics' continual improvement concepts of ISO/TS 16949:2002 and ISO 9001 in all types of firms, including those that are not automotive suppliers!- Bill Cooper, Global Quality Systems Senior Manager, Lear Corporation
__label__2 One of the 5 best books I've ever read: There are only a few stories that haunt me. This is one of them. I read this 10 years ago and am watching parts of it slowly come true. Things that were novel and futuristic when I first read it are everyday occurances now. I wonder how much more of the book will come to life...
__label__2 Call Me Mrs. Miracle: The DVD came packaged well. The DVD is good quality and plays well. Like having the information about the DVD available inside the case.
__label__2 Call me Mrs. Mircle: The second part of this movie is move than excellent to be watched. Time is worth watching this again and again and watched at least more than ten times
__label__1 Too little or too late: I ordered this book on a recommendation - as a solution. Unfortunately, it was not the right solution for me, though it certainly may be for others. Personally, I find life becoming more and more multi-dimensional and multi-faceted with multitudinous opportunities and challenges. Reducing wounds to five and then pinning body types on certain wounds with certain recipies for healing was just too reduced for my taste. It forced me to identify with all the wounds and all the body types and simply didn't take who I am in 2010 into consideration. But again, maybe it's just me...
__label__1 Not as good as the real thing: I bought this CD expecting something very similar to an original cast recording. However this CD has little to no resemblance to the offical soundtrack. The lyrics are the same, and the vocals are somewhat similar to the real thing, but instrumentally this CD is lacking. It sounds like the CD was put together using a keyboard. However, for someone not quite as picky as I am this is a great listen, the words are moving and the music, though not holding to Webber's original score, is good.
__label__2 Midori is eloquent and smart: The psychology, aesthetics and philosophy of erotic power exchange, D/s and S&M. Written with wit, imagination and intelligence. For someone new to BDSM it may help with self-acceptance and confidence. For all levels it may enhance your own understanding of what it is that we do.
__label__1 Another terrible book, like Osterbrock: This is another of the books I had to use for my graduate ISM course. I dont know what the problem is, but every book Ive read on the ISM was terrible at explaining things (because confusion in this subject is very easy), and none of them have an INDEX thats worth a crap. So dont expect to be able to do the homework problems in there.Dopita is written a little better than Osterbrock, and there isnt the ridiculous amount of tables strewn within the text, but its not MUCH better.
__label__2 Bring T:TM BACK!!!!!!!: Hi, I am 23 and I am a huge fan of the transformers. The animated motion picture was by far my favorite. Alot of the cartoons now pale in comparison the the quality of the movie. I just wish that your company would get this great classic back in stock. I would sure be hot to get a copy of it. Hail to Optimus Prime!!!
__label__2 The sweetness of an acomplished writer, the sting of satire: A Hive for the Honey Bee is an excellent book- and will bring pleasure to all ages. Combining satire and a genuine love of life, the novel explores the life of the honey bee in fine detail- without boring us with unnecessary technicalities. The sort of novel which ought to be a treasured part of your bookshelf.
__label__1 Worthless: Kills the signal so much, the reciever doesn't even see it. It's about a shade of pink on the other side. I am hooking this up to a PS3 and DVR to a JBL reciever. Everything works well with just the stright through calbes. But no matter what you do with a optical signal. It chokes all the time. Best of to convert to digital coaxal cable or worst off to buy a new reciever.
__label__1 Crap Out !!!: One of the worst movies I've seen in a long while. Tracy Jordan is not funny. Just infantile and one of the worst actors currently on the big screen. Bruce Willis must have had one more movie in his contract , cause I just can't see why he would willingly agree to do this film. I didn't buy this film from amazon. I did watch it on HBO.Really , Really , Really sucks.
__label__1 Bu-Ray Review: One of, if not, the worst movies I've ever seen. What the hell happened here? How could anyone like this movie?
__label__1 I Cannot Believe that Bruce Willis would stoop so low ....: This movie was a huge disappointment to me ! I trust Bruce Willis to deliver entertaining, family action fun. But never again -- i cannot believe that he took this script ! yech ! if you like obscene, good-ol'-boy trash, you might like this one. but not with your kids, and not me ! shame on you, Bruce Willis, for disappointing your fan base.
__label__1 Please do not spend money on this movie...it sucks trust me: i never write reviews but i saw this movie the other day and it's that bad that i had to come on here and write this.They tried to make a lot of scenes funny but it wasn't it was just annoying because of how hard they were trying to make it that way, alot of the jokes made no sense to..plz rent it if anything. hope this helps
__label__1 Cop Out: Save your money.This is a bad movie.The acting is poor and the story is stupid.Not well produce as well written.
__label__2 the brat pack: it is the best collection i purchased because of the 3 movies and the music compact disc that comes included. thank you raul
__label__1 Quite Simply..: A pointless re-release of the High School Reunion box set, although this box set features an Exclusive '80s Music CD. All three films come in a anamorphic 1.85:1 widescreen presentation with the choice of Dolby Digital 5.1 or DTS 5.1 audio. The DVDs also include a theatrical trailer for each film, and a interactive menu for each film. In other words, they're all barebones discs, and this box set is a pointless re-release.
__label__2 Good Set (If You Don't Already Own the Films): The infamous double-dip. I previously didn't own these, waiting for some features, which this set definitely has. My advice is that if you already own them, it's not worth it. If you don't, buying them all together in this set is a good deal.My only complaint would be the size of the case. It's too tall to fit on my shelve, but besides that, I've got nothing bad to say.
__label__1 Weird Science?: Pretty in Pink should have been bundled with this set, NOT Weird Science!Stick to the theme, people!Weird Science would have been more appropriately-bundled with a film such as, Zapped!Also, where are all the special features?
__label__2 Excellent for Lyrics But Lacking In Music Information: This is an amazing book as far as teaching you one of the fundamental aspects of song writing goes, which is giving the song proper STRUCTURE. It teaches song structure from strictly a lyricist's point of view however, such as verse/chorus structures or verse/bridge etc. The book is worth its weight in gold for this info alone. But it lacks ANY information on how to write the music for the song. But nevertheless, it has some greeaattt ideas. Buy it for its really cool ideas on how to write song lyrics (but don't look for music composition in it.) One of the great ideas it has, though, is to write lyrics while listening to one of your favorite song's music. Conversely, you could write the music for your song's lyrics, by arranging your music to one of your favorite song's lyrics. Do you see what I'm saying. This really really works to give you an awesome song structure!
__label__1 Shattered handle in a sealed box!: Stopped at Macy's to take a look at this. The sales clerk opened a sealed box to reveal a SHATTERED handle. Buyer beware. Seems awful.Compared to other pressure cookers, the design of the large handle on this one seems to be inherently easy to break.Also note that a 6-quart cooker is too small for most uses. Remember, you can only fill half-way with soup, and a piece of meat cannot extend higher than 3/4 the height of the cooker. Check out the Presto 8 quart that costs about 25% less and includes excellent customer service. Just my 2 cents!
__label__1 Arrived with broken handle and Made in China: My 10 quart Fagor Duo arrived today on Halloween. I opened the outer Amazon box to retrieve the inner Fagor box and I immediately hear stuff sliding around inside. I opened the box up and the lower handle is broken off and little grainy pieces of plastic are everywhere in the bottom of the box. I will be returning this item for sure for a refund. The box does say "Made in China". I would not trust the websites that say it is made in Spain.
__label__1 Arrived with handles and valve damaged: Arrived via UPS in intact outer carton. Factory Fagor carton had one small dent in it. On removing the cooker, the lid and pot handles were broken, almost as if someone had taken a hammer to them - shattered would be a better term. The pressure valve also was chipped. Called Fagor and they acted as if this had never happened before, even though multiple other one star evaluations mention the same problem. The item was unusable and I sent it back and got a refund. In view of this experience I bought another brand of 8 qt pressure cooker stainless (Manttra), 2 pressure settings and $30 cheaper and it works great.
__label__1 poor quality, lousy/nonexistent customer service: The first Fagor Duo I purchased in 2009 was and still is great - no problems. But in Feb 2011 I bought another Duo from Macy's, and needed to return it because lid wouldn't lock into place. The replacement Duo has had lid-locking trouble as well, followed by, when 3 months' new, the screw holding the handle onto the pot continually getting loose but becoming stripped so that the pot/handle cannot be repaired. With my repeated calls and emails to Fagor customer service to get the pot repaired or replaced, I was discouraged by their slow and impersonal response; if they replied at all, it was with a cryptic one-line instruction and web-link to watch their long and complicated video on how to repair the pot myself! Finally gave up and returned the pot to store for a refund.
__label__2 Fagor Pressure Cooker: I've used the pressure cooker several times since receiving it. It reaches the pressure point quickly, cooks great and easy cleanup.
__label__1 Way too simple: The majority of the information in this book is pretty basic and is already covered in any basic UNIX text. Anyone who doesn't know most of what is in the first half of the book has no business having root access to begin with. Seriously, if you don't know how to use cp, ls or man commands (all discussed in the book) you aren't ready to be a UNIX sysadmin. The bottom line is that if you have been a sysadmin for more than two months this book isn't much use. I guess all the good stuff is discussed in the *advanced* system administrators guide but I was so disappointed in this book that I won't bother getting it.
__label__1 Fall Apart: My son wanted this toy and when he received it he was unable to play with it. It falls apart at the slightest touch. I have tried to find a way to super glue to no avail. I would stongly recommend not buying this. Way to much aggravation for parent and child alike.
__label__1 Could have been better: Whilst I concede the Mr Leckie's prose style is easily-paced and therefore Hannibal is the kind of book you could probably read in a single afternoon, all this book really achieves is to prove you cannot write a fictional biography of one of history's most captivating figures in a mere 241 pages. I had high hopes because a full third of those pages dealt with Hannibal's boyhood where the author is at full license to use his imagination given the lack of historical detail for Hannibal. But it almost as though Mr Leckie gets bored and rushes through the end in order to begin writing Scipio. Historical inaccuracies aside, the life of Hannibal deserves a better account than the author has attempted and I think it is safe to say that the definitive fictional biography of Hannibal has yet to be written. If you like historical fiction set in the Roman period buy it, if not, don't.
__label__2 old but good.: it was fun. If you use to play online these were available for free back when. Was fun to play again.
__label__1 Old video: The box came in good shape, but the video when played has that wiggly stripe on the top of the picture- the one you get when the video is old and played too much.Thsi video was supposed to be in excellent condition. Definitely not better than OK condition.
__label__2 Beautiful: It is beautiful a little smaller than I thought but no problem. The pendant is very well done very delicate. I gave it to my mother and she loved it.
__label__2 Great gift for Mom: I purchased this Loving Family Necklace for my Mom for Mother's Day. They come with all different size families and really send a strong, caring message. She cried. ;-)
__label__2 My Son Loves This!: I bought this for my 8-yr old son who says he wants to be a paleontologist when he grows up. I love that it was not necessarily easy to uncover the bones, he did it little by little over several days. Yes it was messy that didn't bother us, easy clean up. The bones were flexible so you didn't have to worry about breaking them as you uncovered them. We also used a little chisel to help as someone else had noted. We are just putting it together today so I can't yet vouch for how well it will stay together. Taking other's comments into consideration though.
__label__2 Great beginner book at good price: I am a Classic ASP developer. The company that I work for has recently decided to pursue .NET for future web development. This was the first book that I read in order to get a grasp of the changes from Classic ASP to ASP.NET. I have to say that this book was a GREAT introduction to a lot of the new features of ASP.NET.There are a few things I would like to point out when considering buying this book:1.This is a beginner book. No advanced topics.2.Good coverage of the different types of controls available in .NET.3.Quick and easy read.4.Only basic coverage of ADO.NET.5.Source code available as a download.6.Assumes that you have VS.NET although I used ASP.NET Web Matrix.There were some typos but nothing ridiculous.Overall I like this book. Good price for a good book.
__label__2 Good Quick Book full of examples: Pros:1. The book really gets you to the code quickly which is what I like.2. The book features code in both VB.NET and C#(Francis B Gallagher from catonsville review incorrectly mentions that it does not contain code from both the lang. The author mentions on pg 42 that due to space constraints he will list only one lang or the other. The "other" code is available on the website.)Cons:I did not give it 5 stars because it assumes that you have already worked on ASP before and keeps making annoying comparisons throughout the text.
__label__1 Outdated: This book is outdated and would have been fine a decade ago. .NET is version 4+ now, a good bit has changed.
__label__1 Sloppy editing: I bought this book recently to learn ASP.NET and feel I have mainly wasted my money. In the main the author simply has not put himself into the place of the newbie he aims the book at.Rather than give opinions, let me quote specific examples from an early chapter. Listing 4.1 gives code to be added to the page_load method. When you try to run it it doesn't work. You find out 3 pages later that you should have added a group of "using" statements. It would have been easy to add these lines to the snippet, or at least give a forward reference to them.In the same snippet you're invited to open a database named "pubs" (Publications) The following snippets perform various functions on this database. But this is not a standard database, and you're given no details of how it's put together so you can mock up your own in Access or whatever.I advise against this book.
__label__1 Works poorly and very poor documentation: Don't waste your money on this poorly made poor documentation device. If you need technical support you are connected with India support line. Good luck trying to understand what they are saying. After they read their script to say how sorry they are and then after speaking to 3 different technical support staff the made in china Hawking still fails to work properly with Mac computer. complete waste of money
__label__1 Not worth the trouble: I work in IT and I find this piece of equipment to be ridiculously complicated. I think eventually it is possible to make it work correctly but there are many many things you can do wrong in trying to set it up. My first one worked well for a few weeks, but then started giving only an intermittent signal. Tech support talked me through about 6 troubleshooting steps over 3 calls and finally had me send it back. It took 2 weeks to get an RMA# and then only after I called them to say what's up. I sent it back and again two weeks before I called again and they sent one overnight. I guess they don't do anything unless you complain. This new one seems to work fine except I can't get it to successfully extend an encrypted network of any level encryption. An unsecured network extends very well, but who wants to leave their network open? So it's back to tech support to see if they can explain what I'm doing wrong.
__label__2 Good product, worked easily.: Easily connected to the wireless link with the software. If you want a stronger link (long distance between router) would recommend getting an additional antenna.
__label__2 Worked as advertised: My purpose for buying this range extender was to allow connection to home network from outside of the home. It works well and allows use of handheld, netbook and laptop computers from distances of 50 to 75 feet outside of the home. It also allowed me to connect a security camera to the home network that I had been unable to use prior to this purchase. It actually acts as a new hotspot. Well worth the money and very easy to setup. I would recommend it to anyone.
__label__1 Hawking is useless: Can access the Hawking HWREG1 Wireless G Range Extender very well from 3 laptops and a PS3. On the otherhand, it does not allow internet access. Therefore, it is a brick that serves no purpose (Might could use it for a doorstop). It extended the range of what could not be done already. Called support, they had no clue of what to do. Therefore, I cannot recommend this product. It does not work and tech support is non-existent. Rather, I would suggest staying away from it. It is the first product that I have bought that was completely useless.
__label__1 Didn't work: Box said it was simple to install and set up, I beg to differ it didn't work and offshore tech support was useless as I couldn't understand the Tech.Sent it back for refund.
__label__1 Not very functional: Like many of the other posters, the toy bag does not stick to our bathroom wall. This is very frustrating because when it is full of toys and it falls off the wall it makes a loud noise and a big mess. It falls off the wall even when it is empty, which is still annoying because it should stay on the wall.The other issue I had was the blue dye on the fabric bled onto many of the soft plastic toys or sponges.
__label__1 One side won't stick to my walls: Decent size cubby to hold toys in the bath, but one side doesn't seem to want to stick to the walls.
__label__1 Doesn't stay stuck: This product does not stay stuck to our bathtub walls. It is constantly falling and it's very frustrating. I would not recommend this product to anyone.
__label__1 disappointed: The suction cups won't stick to the formica around our tub. I thought maybe they would stick if we had tile, but I see that others with tile tub surrounds can't get it to stick either. Now that I think about it, suction cups like this always fall off of our fiberglass shower & glass storm door too, so I guess I should have known better than to get a suction cup bath toy holder. This Fisher Price corner bath cubby is a waste of money, I'm going to try the kidco storage caddy instead. I wish I had gotten it in the first place & I suggest you do the same.
__label__1 It was boring: I'll make this short. If you read the books this one was based on, well, you know what's going to happen, and it sucks all the anticipation of it. I'm sorry to say this, but I like not knowing the ending because then anything can happen. Knowing what's going to happen is seriously boring and sucky.
__label__2 Nice little appliance: Very nice inexpensive yogurt maker.. The only problem I had at first was that the yogurt wasn't thick enough but I found that if I leave it on for about 6 hours it is good. I also put the cooled yogurt in a coffee filter to strain out more of the liquid.. This makes it much better when adding berries and such, It stays thick.
__label__2 Carefree yogurt maker: The Salton YM9 yogurt maker is compact, easy to use and clean. I find it works best and fastest if commercial yogurt with active cultures (such as Dannon plain) is used as the starter and regular milk, rather than dry, is used for the base. The final product is sweet and creamy, despite warnings that homemade yogurt cannot rival the texture and consistency of commercial yogurt. Not so in my case. This was a great buy that I'm very pleased with. Note that you'll need a candy thermometer or food thermometer that reads temperatures as low as 100 degrees and as high as 160 degrees.
__label__2 cheap and easy to make yogurt: I used to teach intermediate level microbiology in college and learned how to make yogurt from milk, powdered milk and a spoonful of live yogurt for starting culture. In addition I'm a big fan of Brown Cow Cream top yogurt and they are expensive at $3.50 for 32 oz tub. Now I have found a way to make my very own Cream Top yogurt using this yogurt maker. I heat NON-homogenized whole milk with powdered milk until warm and add 1/2 cup of commercial yogurt. After 14 hours of incubation, I got a tub full of nice firm yogurt that was not tart nor too sour. After adding splenda and some dried fruit, I have a "pick me up" snack for any time in the day.
__label__2 wonderful product, it really does make yogurt: My wife has been trying to make yogurt for quite some time. She has tried the oven technique, careful temperature monitoring and various other book-suggested methods. I bought her this one, just as another method to tryout. It really works. Will the yogurt look like or have the same type of consistency as store bought yogurt.....no. but it comes pretty close to it. I read some of the reviews saying that it does not make yogurt like you can buy in the store. To that I say " you will be enjoying natural yogurt with more nutrition (probiotic). Store-bought yogurt actually defeats the whole purpose of eating yogurt with your meal. You can make store-bought like consistancy if you incorporate little bit of pectine or soluble fibre like agar agar powder. If you don't like the excess water in home made yogurt, it is better to strain the water out with a cheese cloth. In that case you don't have to add extra powder milk.
__label__1 Is this made of gold? silver?: I was planning on getting this, but the price is way way too much. $199?? $500??? Retail value for this item is $27. There are other yogurt makers much cheaper. This item has been discontinued. Usually when a small kitchen appliance is discontinued it goes on clearance. It is important to note that this item does not churn ice cream, and it does not churn or freeze yogurt. This item merely heats to the proper temperature for making yogurt. The sellers who are selling this item are clearly unethical as anyone can see by the price. This is a yogurt maker and should be priced as such. Someone needs to get real and fix the price issue here. Amazon should not allow this sort of price gouging.
__label__1 Too small, useless: So small, it holds just a quart of milk(4 cups). The milk has to be boiled (it doesn't do it). It just keeps the milk warm. You can make yogurt yourself without it. You can use container with lid to keep the milk warm. You don't need to pay money to keep the milk warm.
__label__2 Low-cost, Delicious and Easy-to-make Yogurt!: I got the Salton YM9 yogurt maker for Christmas of 2004, so I've had a full year to really test the machine and hone my yogurt-making skills. The Salton yogurt maker is a no-frills, budget appliance; it is not one of those fancy, gourmet Euro-Cuisine or Donvier makers, which come with individual-sized glass jars and cost twice as much as the Salton. No, the Salton YM9 is a plastic, plug-in model, and it does the job FINE. I wanted to make my own yogurt because store-bought yogurt is costly, and, if you read most ingredient labels, is often made with high-fructose corn syrup. I prefer the 1-quart container because I make a big batch of plain yogurt once a week, and then add pured frozen fruit and Splenda to flavor it as I desire. It's a healthful breakfast food or snack. I highly recommend this item.
__label__1 OK machine, but not what I expected.: I bought two of this item because people said that a 1 quart Mason jar fit inside it perfectly. Unfortunately, since those reviews were written, the design must have changed because quart sized mason jars do not fit the yogurt makers that were delivered to me. The glass jars are too narrow and too tall to work well with it. Now, unless I can find a short fat quart jar, I am stuck with the plastic liner that came with the set. Very disappointed. :(
__label__2 Priced right , easy to use, and the yogurt taste is wonderful: This has got to be the best buy of the year... I love kitchen toys and this one is my favorite.. Its so easy to use, and the benefits of making homemade yogurt, without additives? adding to the healthy choices of good eating? the Salton YM9 Yogurt Maker should be your next purchase.. It deserves more than a 5 star rating.
__label__2 Yogurt Supreme: The Salton YM9 is easy to use. The explicit directions in the manual are simple to follow. The yogurt produced is excellent. The plastic scoop spoon that comes with the YM9 is unnecessary. I like the 1 quart size rather than hassling with several small containers. Cleanup is a breeze and the YM9 is an attractive appliance. Make sure you have a candy thermometer as you will be preheating milk and mixing starter only after the milk has dropped to the right temperature. (note to Salton: dump the spoon and include thermometer) The YM9 is an inexpensive, easy to use, effective product...enjoy!
__label__2 Awesome: I have made almond milk yogurt using both apple and honey sweeteners, cashew milk yogurt, sprouted soy bean yogurt and sunflower yogurt which I made into cheese. The thing is totally versatile. I had to buy a non-dairy starter, but the people at Custom Probiotics made that simple, too. Easy to use; easy to clean. The yogurts I have made have fermented 4 - 8 hours with no problems. Altogether a great buy.
__label__2 Makes great yogurt: This little yogurt maker delivers great yogurt, although I would have preferred one with an automatic shutoff. Well worth the money, though. I highly recommend it.
__label__2 LOVE it!!: This kit really helped me! The nipple butter is WAY better than any lanolin cream and I'm sure it's much healthier too! I also love the boobit tubes although I would love them more if they stayed cold longer. I am a bit lazy to use the compress too often but it really does make a difference. Tea is suprisingly yummy! It's summertime at the moment in Southern California so I made a big piture of iced tea with it. yum!!
__label__2 I love this book!: I read this book with my 4 year old boy and my 7 year old daughter and they loved it! The storyline appeals to both boys and girls - My daughter loved the cohesiveness of the girls in the story and my son loves the silliness factor. This is such a great childrens book - reaching out to them on their level. I would highly recommend this book and cannot wait for the next installment!
__label__1 "Folding" is Pathetic: You fold this up and unless you have the case with you, you have 4 dangling posts about 8" long each going every which way. I am going to have to look for a product that folds into itself, telescope style - far, far more practical.
__label__1 USER: You did not mention the extend, in inches, this cane can be adjusted. I'll spend a couple more dollars and buy the Carex adjustable cane instead.
__label__2 I dig Roman numerals, and jewelry...: so buying this little ring was a no-brainer.It came quickly and appears just as it's pic shows.Fits a lil snug for the size listed, but not uncomfortably.A good buy for the price if you're looking for a simple ring with features it lists.I say it's a 4* piece.
__label__1 Terrible: This documentary was absolutely awful. It follows a young and pretentious couple as they try to eat "healthy" on food stamps. Basically they aren't willing to change their diet at all. Everything has to be fresh adn organic and they still try to buy the same expensive products they always have (plus where are they shopping? It looks like a Whole Foods or Central Market - NOT somewhere people on food stamps would actually be able to afford). They constantly complain about how they aren't full and they can't afford desert. They even have friends over for dinner - as if you can afford to feed your friends when you can't even afford to feed yourslef. I watched this with a group of people - liberals and conservatives - and everyone equally hated it. I guess any idiot can make a documentary these days and call it factual. Don't waste your time.
__label__1 leaded glass for wine: I am sure that leaded glass for drinking has been shown to be very liable to result in lead in the beverage. The longer it holds the beverage, the more lead disolves. I believe these glasses are not fit for human use!Joseph Crilly
__label__1 Not sturdy enough: I have very fine shoulder length hair and yet I cannot go a full day without these breaking, especially if I lie down. Not worth the money unless they are to be used for very small bunches of hair or children's hair.
__label__2 Tough crystal, I hope: I got these glasses for a couple whose wine glasses are constantly getting broken. They previously got the Schott-Zweisel Forte (titanium) wine glasses (Cabernet/merlot), and these have been broken.It is too soon to tell if this reinforced crystal will last any better, but they are very nice glasses. They are good size, give the requisite chime upon clinking glasses and are very good-looking.
__label__1 Not at all like the Riedel bordeaux glasses.: Not at all what I thought. The reviews made this sound like the Reidel bordeaux glasses, but these hold maybe half the wine, are much smaller in volume, don't have much of a balloon shape. Very disappointed. Don't get these if your goal is to replicate the Reidel.
__label__1 A don't learn Solaris book.: I can't see how a book like this gets published, but there is no other Solaris book so many people are stuck with it. Examples are lame and only touches the surface. Sun Educational Services has excellent books that you get with the course (about $1500/5 days) that's better. Why don't they publish that instead?
__label__2 What Christmas Spurs means to me.: I love the book because at the time I read it a girl I new was suffering from luekiemia just like jimmy. I read it my sixth grade year and every time i see her I think of the book.It was very meaningful to me, I hope that it is a meaningful to you. Thank you for reading, hope you like the book.
__label__2 Quilling Rocks: This is a great book to add to your Quilling book library, I teach quilling at a college, and a few assistant living places, and I find that the designs offered in this book are great for single class projects. Lots of great ideas and inspiration for my students and I.
__label__1 Waste of money: I am a huge Easterbrook fan, especially of this TMQ column on ESPN. I figured this book would be interesting and on similar lines but I was greatly disappointed with it. Just a bunch of lines of text with pictures in between. Absolutely do not waste your money on this.
__label__2 Great portable nailer: Honestly a great finish nailer to use. It has lots of power and is really easy to handle with no air hose and compressor. If anyone is interested in this finish nailer I would highly recommened it. I have both the bostitch and a dewalt finish nailers and they don't compare to this 18 volt dewalt model. One down side of the nailer can be the weight which is a little over eight pounds but you seem to get use to it. I got mine brand new at Lowes for $339 and it came in a pack with the 18 volt dewalt circular saw.
__label__1 Not as Described: This sword is advertised to have a brass guard when in fact it is only a brass color that is cheaply dipped over some type of metal. We understand now why it was priced as low as it is as it is a cheap wall hanger that should be hidden in a dark area of your room. Will I buy from this seller again? Likely not.
__label__2 Chilean Indian poetry: John Bierhorst, the translator of this volume, is a translator whose work I trust. In this bi- and tri-lingual text, he has justified my confidence in him.The poets translated in the volume have a varied amount of "Indian-ness" - some speak the Indian language of the group with which they identify, some do not. The poems themselves range from poems that show a non-Spanish aesthetic to those that are openly "Spanish" in some sense. For example, a poem by Jaime Luis Huenun is titled "After Reading So Much Cesar Vallejo", and three poems of Graciela Huinao remind me of the sparseness of haiku.My favorite of the poets in Elicura Chihuailaf whose poems center around blue - a color with strong ties to the Indian culture. These poems are perhaps the most Indian, but the poems are universal in the depiction of humanity and its relationship to the rest of nature while being accessible and particular in terms of images.These poems are well worth your time.
__label__2 Royal Hunt best album by far!: Este disco lo compr de casualidad. Compr "Paradox" y jams lo he escuchado. Tuve una corazonada y fue totalmente un acierto. Esta banda, de gran profundidad musical, se maneja a sus anchas y de que forma. Son muy pocas las bandas que pueden tocar tan bien en directo........Definitivamente, son sensacionales..I got this CD by pure casualty. I buyed "Paradox" and honestly, I have never heard it... but I got a premonition that this band is really good....the players well docted in classical music play and how they do it!!!!!! Only the superbands can perform in this way live were few tricks are allowed...........
__label__2 Great new RTS: Definitly a must for RTS fans. Hey it just released, and there are players around the world playing 24/7 so there gonna find the exploits, just hopefully EA will not get lazy early on like past RTS games and keep the patches comming.
__label__2 breadth but not depth: the book was a good broad overview of what to consider when creating a portfolio, however, it did not delve deeply into details, instead it provides other sources one should view for more info. still a helpful book.
__label__1 This Thriller Didn't Thrill Me!: I'm glad Deviant Ways wasn't the first book by Chris Mooney that I read, or it probably would have been the last. Deviant Ways has an interesting, although not very original, plot and it does have its moments of excitement. However, the characters never came to life for me and I found I gave up on caring what happened to them. Further, the "bad guy" seriously lacked credibility. It came to a point that I found myself skimming through the last third of the book, and the only real thrill I got from Deviant Ways was when I came to its end. Do yourself a favor and skip this book, but do read Remembering Sarah by Mooney.
__label__1 Disappointed: I have loved all of John Irving's other books. I was excited to read this one, but I was quite disappointed. The storytelling and the plot are usual Irving style, but Ruth's (the main character) relationship with Hannah as well her lovers are surprisingly superficial and unbelievable. Irving's usual ironic humor is missing, and there doesn't seem to be anything taking it's place.
__label__1 At least I bought it in a sale: John Irving is a very talented storyteller which is why I bought A Widow for One Year. However, I couldn't even finish (in italics) this book. I became annoyed early on when Irving describes Eddie as carrying "a heavy duffel bag and a lighter, smaller suitcase". Unfortunately he does this about ten (in italics) times in as many pages. After the third time I was mentally screaming "ENOUGH ALREADY. I GET THE PICTURE. 'LUGGAGE' IS OKAY NOW." Irving's constant use of italics is also extremely (in italics) helpful. I couldn't have possibly worked out the nuances of the conversation for myself. NOT. Combined with the thin and dreary plot, this work is not exactly a page turner. More of a page churner.
__label__1 A major disappointment from one of my favourite authors.: Although this book starts off quite promisingly and quite thrillingly I found it quickly descended into a contrived and finally uninteresting story. The plot twists were unbelievable and the characters motivations were, at times, ridiculous. Unfortunately, after the last two superb books: A Prayer for Owen Meany and A Son of the Circus, this was a major disappointment.
__label__1 A Widow for One Year: This has to be the most boring novel I have read. In fact, once I put it down, I found that it is virtually impossible to pick it up again. However, since I bought the book, I picked it up again, at about page 106, only to put it down again at page 232. I doubt if I'll ever start again. The book stinks.
__label__1 A disappointment: I love John Irving. He is a funny, quirky and captivating writer who often hits me right in the centre of my heart.That's the problem with this book. Its as if he is TRYING to be quirky, that he knows that is his hallmark. Instead, his characters come of seeming flawed or pathetic. The book started out where a tragedy is announced and I was immediately pulled into the novel and ready for some heartwrenching times.Instead, as the book progressed, I had trouble reading it becuase it seemed like he was just trying to hard or something.If you read Prayer for Owen Meany, then Son of the Circus, then you read this book, you are in for a big disappointment.
__label__1 Please don't bother with this one: "A Widow for One Year" was my first John Irving book, and it might be my last. While I thought the plot was interesting (at first), it quickly went downhill from there. Irving cluttered up the novel with extempraneous details and subplots that did nothing to help me to the end. If anything, they were deterrents along the way. I didn't love, or even like, any of the characters. And Hannah was a nightmareI found myself wondering why Ruth (or anyone) would ever be friends with her. It was such an effort to finish the book that I vow never to force myself to read such drivel again. The only thing that I looked forward to in this book was finishing it so I could start a new oneby a different author.But, I hear "A Prayer for Owen Meany" is well worth the read. However, the next Irving book I pick up will be from the library, as I can't bear to spend more money on anything that has the slightest chance of being so mundane.
__label__1 A widow for one year - a waste of one month: When people ask me whose books I enjoy reading, the name John Irving is always first off my lips. Ever since a friend in college recommended "Garp," I have been hooked by his engaging style and fascinating stories. Until now. This book bored me to tears. I did not care in the least for Ruth Cole, the main focus of the book, or any of the other drab people we meet along this sad journey. If this is the only John Irving book you have read and you didn't like it - don't do yourself a disservice - please buy and savor his previous fine novels. I will be first in line for his next tome, but as for this one, it is a sad disappointment. Sorry, John.
__label__2 "New" Irving Fan: Having just read two of John Irvings books,(Cider House Rules) I am new to the phenomenon of Mr. Irving. However, I must agree with his most ardent fans, he is a wonderful storyteller. A novel that will totally submege you into the world of its characters. Even the "weakest" character is so well developed that you love him more for his weaknesses. Also my edition had an interview with the author at the end of the book. It was so enlightening. Read it only after you finish... I have now decided that my next two Irving books will be Garp and Prayer for Owen Meaney. Both these novels have been tranformed to the "big Screen". Having seen Cider House on the big screen, I saw all that was missing. I am looking forward to reading these two and rediscovering the world according to Irving.
__label__1 I knew it wouldn't be Owen Meany and was STILL disappointed: John Irving seemed to be presenting his story of Ruth Cole as if from a great distance. His narrative seemed often to be building up to something - as if it were all deep background -- that never happened. Astounding coincidences aside, the narrative was so sparse, so clinical (and pretty crude)that it was really difficult to relate to any of the characters. For example, it was hard to imagine why Ruth Cole and Hannah were "best friends" as they acted like they only hurt and annoyed each other. They didn't seem to understand or to comfort each other. It was as if Irving said they were best friends, so they were, but there was no reason to believe. I did like the narrative devices that Irving used, including Ruth's postcards and journals as a chapter, and one of her short stories. It enriched what was otherwise a sparse narrative. In all, the first section was the most compelling, the rest... not so much.
__label__1 Dull and lifeless after the first 100 pages: Mr. Irving starts off strong, with interesting well drawn characters. However, after the first section, there is nothing that's either interesting, compelling or particularly well written. It's my guess that Mr. Irving started a pretty good novel and either to explain or excuse his purient interest in prostitutes, tried to steer his good opening into a trite story about and unlikeable writer and her purient interest in prostitutes. I guess if nothing else, this book helped Mr. Irving explain to his wife and the IRS why he needed to hang out in Amsterdam's red light district.
__label__2 Irvings best ever!: John Irving continually amazes me. As in all his books, I was not bored for one page. No one can create characters the way Irving can. His best ever!
__label__1 this was the same writer who gave us GARP?: I can't believe it... GARP was such a masterpiece, and this was such drivel. Disappointing!
__label__1 The scenarios seemed contrived, uninteresting characters.: As this was my first Irving book, and I had heard such great things about his writing, I expected to sit back and be thoroughly entertained. No such luck. I was relatively bored by Ruth as a main character. Her raucus friend Hannah seemed more interesting. And- big deal about the older woman, 16 yr. old boy story. Shocking? Not really. If the story was about Eddie's life after this love affair, it would have been much more colorful. Not much room in this book for titilation either, lest a murder get in the way. Yawn. Drawbacks: boring, and slightly interesting from chapter to chapter Positives: At least there was some resolution of conflicts- or hint at it. Loved the ending. Clever final dialogue.
__label__1 Such a disappointment: It's hard to believe this is the same author who wrote the extraordinary Cider House Rules. It felt to me like one long (in Irving fashion) rebuttal letter to his critics. This book was transparently Irving's forum for justifying, through character Ruth, his style and choices in past works. If you read the book, you'll understand. Yes, I believe a man can write from a woman's viewpoint. No, I don't believe Irving was able to pull it off in Widow. The book read like a Sidney Sheldon novel. The only difference is that (so far) it's not embarrassing to read a John Irving book on the bus. The story was entirely predictable, the writing simplistic and even dumbed-down and the cliches ran rampant. I was expecting something more heady from one of my favorite American authors.
__label__1 Not My Type: I picked up this book based on numerous good reviews on the internet, plus, john irving is a renowned writer. However, I couldn't bring myself to continue reading past page 20. The characters are a bit too weird for me. I believe this is my first & last john irving's book.
__label__1 Long winded and disappointing: I have been an avid Irving fan since I was in Jr High. I anticipate all his new arrivals with tingles. I am sure that I will laugh and cry. This time I did. Part 1 was great. I was curious about Part 2. It was all I could to finish it. Why? It totally faltered and was dull and predictable. I am afraid the creator of my all time favorite character has let me down. Next time I buy paperback and read the reviews.
__label__1 Dog-do: Sophomoric high school boy stuff: I detested this book. I read it for my book club and threw it away in disgust. Many of us in the club felt the same way. Trust me; there will be a bonfire when we talk about this book. How can someone write that many pages about breasts and cashmere sweaters and how jeans fit? Come on! There's much more to life and people than that. The characters had no depth, no souls, and I had no desire to know them as people. At a cocktail party, if I'd met someone like ANY of them, I would have moved on. I prefer REAL books.
__label__2 1 of the 3 most memorable books of the past 10 years I read....: For those who do like real stories with real people with real passion, talent, happiness and all the bad things, which can happen to all of us. To thom, who like people out of the ordinary, those who are not perfect, but still live a valuable life. For those who appreciate people who make an impact and inspire others. Those who like high quality literature.
__label__2 Irving does it again: Author comes up with new ideas that keep his works exciting and new. He is one of the most creative writers I've read and weaves a tale that can grab the reader's heart every time!
__label__2 A Widow for 600 Pages: ... this is not Irving's finest work. But the great thing about Irving is that even when it's not great literature it's usually still a good read.The first & last act (it's divided into three acts) are fabulous. The middle lulls, but just when I was about to give up on it, it became fascinating again.I give it four stars for a 5-star 1st & 3rd act and a 3-star 2nd act. ...
__label__1 My wife was injured by the glass: We received these glasses as a wedding gift through our registry. When washing the glasses for the first time, my wife cut her finger on a 3mm sharp spur defect protruding from the bottom inside surface of the glass. Almost invisible on casual inspection, but quite nasty to be cut by.
__label__1 A sad excuse for a study guide: This book is the worst study guide I have ever purchased. For that matter, it is the worst book I have ever purchased for a number of reasons. First, the book is full of typographical errors, improperly spaced sentences and poor grammar. Second, the book is printed on cheap paper and poor quality ink. The book reminds me of an old dimestore novel with the "cheap grungy feel to it". Third, the quality of the review material is horrible and is presented in an almost unreadable manner.I aced the Praxis 2 test this book was supposed to help with and did not see any benefit from reading or purchasing this book. Please save your money and buy another study guide. Unfortunately, I am not sure the others are any better or even available.
__label__1 No quality control: When I received the boat for christmas we were very excited. Mom had even thought to get an extra battery. Unfortunately when the seal was broken and the contents reviewed it was found that there was no antennae for the remote control. The slot was empty where it belonged. There were no instructions- none- and the decals were all crushed up in one corner of the box. Just for the heck of it I tried to see if it would work without an antennae but it was dead as a doornail without it. Amazon accepted it back- only option allowed was to return for refund. However may be stuck with the extra battery. What a disappointment. Very poor quality control. The boat was very cheaply made and the hinge to open the battery door felt very flimsy and had to be pried open. I certainly will not but from these people again. Recommend look for a higher end supplier.
__label__1 Broke after 1 week: This toy was fantastic fun - for one week. My 5 year old son loved it and was surprisingly good at controlling the boat. He did not crash it once and it zoomed around in our pond giving several hours of fun during the week we had it in the summer. However it stopped working on the 7th day (was it observing the Sabbath?) and despite replacing the battery pack it just would not work again. I tried contacting the company and asking for a replacement or a refund but they ignored me. I would not buy this boat again or deal with this company. A big fat waste of $40.
__label__1 Great but no antenna: I bought not 1 but 2 of these for my daughters to play with on our vacation. Easy set up,and they are sturdy. Was pleased until we got them in the water -- after going about 15 feet, the controls no longer worked. It seems that there must be an antenna problem since the boat works great up close but not at range. If this got fixed I would highly recommend the product but 15 feet isn't that great a distance. Maybe I missed attaching another antenna? Has anyone else had this problem?
__label__1 Do NOT order from Trendy Nation!: My product has not arrived. Order was supposedly shipped a month ago! Seller will not return emails. Have filed a claim, and I hope Amazon will correct. Very disappointed!
__label__2 Another Great Book From Kay Hooper!: I've read a number of Kay Hooper's books, and this one is just as great as every other one I've read. It's got the same elements are the other works that I loved, the romance, the suspense, the action, et cetera. Once I started reading, I couldn't put it down. I read the whole book in less than 8 hours. I definitely recommend this book to anyone who has ever read anything else that Kay Hooper has written!
__label__2 Amazing!: I got his box for a Christmas gift and was amazed. It came with the ten complete dvds and a guide(though not really that helpful) introducing new faces(Camille Bidan,Fa Yuiry,Emma Sheen,Four Murasame,Jerid Messa and Paptimus Scirocco.) and old classics(Amuro Ray,Char"Quattro Bajeena" Aznable,Kai,Hyato,and Katz.). The box art was really nice so I felt like putting it on my wall! It also comes with mini figures of the Zeta Gundam,Gundam mkII,The O,Nemo,Hyaku Shiki,Asshimar,Gabthley,Messala,Palace Athene,Hizack and more. And for a good finisher, it comes with a poster of the major Zeta gundam mobile suits. If you like Newtypes,Cyber-Newtypes,Giant robo,and one gerat piece of Gundam history,get this set!
__label__1 inoperative: It arrived broken. I returned it, and I still haven't received a refund. I will not order any reconditioned tools through Amazon.com.
__label__1 Don't waste your time and money: I've had good luck in the past with reconditioned products-- half the power/air tools I use were purchased reconditioned/refurbished. But this nailer is not to be trusted. The first one wouldn't fire a single nail. No pressure through the piston. The replacement that Amazon provided me (at no cost to me at all, thank you Amazon) fired ONE SINGLE NAIL, then started blowing by exactly like the first one. I know it's not my equipment, I had to use a rental DeWalt nailer for the past week while trying to sort this out, and it worked flawlessly every day, despite looking exactly like what you'd expect a rental nailer to look like: that is, beat to hell.Don't be afraid to buy reconditioned, just stay as far away from this nailer as you possibly can. A good start would be to not buy it in the first place.
__label__1 disappointed: when I recieved this nailer I hooked it up and tested it and it worked after a few tries. But when I got on the roof to shingle with it, it never shot a nail.
__label__2 Great Buy: This is a great deal, I recieved the gun in almost brand new condition. Fired off perfectly, put 1/3/4 nails through a 2 x 4 at 80psi. I have a 8 gallon compressor and it didn't kick on until about 40 nails. I highly recommend this gun.....Factory-Reconditioned Bostitch U/RN46-1 3/4-Inch to 1-3/4-Inch Coil Roofing Nailer
__label__2 very good album: this album is very unique and full of folklore yet easy to listen and relax to. The seller also delivered within the specified time promised.
__label__2 Second step in CDMA Design and Opt.: If you know the basics of any CDMA system (IS-95, CDMA 2000,etc...), this book is going to be very useful to understand the basic design and opt. concepts related to UMTS. But if you are not familiar with DSSS basics you may get lost in the first 3 chapters.
__label__1 Never got product?: Odd because I got one product from seller but not another and was very satisfied. I ordered at the same time and the sent the first package and the second package never came and was delivered but returned for "inadequate address."
__label__1 Good for adults, bad for kids.: My daughter and I looked over this and the other two books by Dr Dyer and found them to be totally useless. Most of the ideas in the books are things either totally inapplicable to children, beyond what a child can do or understand, or so basic a child already knows it.Many of the suggestions are great for adults to be reminded of, though.
__label__2 Inspirational!: This book is terrific. I love it and my 8-year-old daughter loves it. She has struggled with some grief issues and some self-esteem issues, and this book makes her smile every time we read it. She has even asked if we can get more books like that. I am so pleased to have her read positive things about herself and have a chance to think about why she herself is so special. Thank you, Dr. Dyer!
__label__2 Great product!: Have been looking for eyebrow shaper for long finally found it,it so easy to use,but u have to be careful,so that it doesn't cut it,other than that its a great product
__label__1 Really a big letdown.: I, too, feel I must chime in and express my disappointment in this book. The subject matter is fascinating; I've been interested in End Times prophecy for quite some time. After hearing Kathleen on Art Bell's show, I ordered the book eagerly. There were some major delays with the book's arrival, but that's another matter.The writing is of poor quality. The book's production values seem to be not quite up to par. The fact that so much of the book was based on the Lueken work was the most shocking part of it all. The supply list in the back of the book smacked of hucksterism.I, too, am sorry I bought this book, and urge those who are interested in this sort of material to look elsewhere, starting with Father Malachi Martin's books. Fr. Martin's books will stand the test of time; this book will not.
__label__2 Wish I could give it more stars...: This book touched my heart and changed my life. I can't thank the author enough for taking chances like this to wake people like me up.
__label__2 You really should buy this book!: Kathleen Keating did an awesome job in tying together the various sources on prophecy and political intrigue. Before I read the book, I had heard Ms. Keating on the radio. I did my own looking into the subject matter she had spoken about. I can tell you that she is absolutely credible. The book is interesting, but moreover, will prove an invaluable survival tool in the probable future we are racing toward.
__label__1 what a crock: I quote another reader's review .."Anyone who would believe this garbage is either naive or stupid"Faith is one thing, but being a complete SHEEP is another. This woman's obvious intention is to serve her own agenda and make a buck - and you paranoid bible thumpers let her get away with it.This is a woman who sells BANNER AD SPACE on her website? Hello? "Investigative journalist" my @$$ .. try wallet reaver.
__label__1 Shoddy research: I had the displeasure of reading this book in it's entirety this week. There wasn't any new information here at all. The "research" consists of stories that can be found on any conspiracy web site on the Internet. Saying that I'm not impressed is about the nicest thing I can say...This book is a major disappointment. The same information can be found anywhere on the Internet, and requires no special research. Some of the information...should be viewed with a very discerning eye.Very disappointing!
__label__1 Unimpressive, on several levels.: That pretty much sums it up. I've seen this stuff on the web, this appears to just be a rehash without anything new and notable. The line about packing the china (which another reviewer picked up on) was hilarious. This just strikes me as a "quick-and-dirty" effort, more attention being paid to getting it out and making money off it than to actual content and information. Again, very unimpressive, but hey...that's what reviews are all about, right? Like someone else said, SAVE YOUR MONEY.
__label__1 rip off:-(: This poster was horrible. I could have had my 5 yr old son draw me a better one. It was very disappointing. You should be ashamed of selling such a bad product. I wish I could have given you a zero.
__label__1 A weak effort: I agree this book would not have been published if Wambaugh didn't already have a good track record. The plot is a variation on "Body Heat," but the outcome is telegraphed so early that the only fun was seeing how the details would vary. He also seemed to be emulating "Bonfire of the Vanities" in early chapters, but without success. Some of the dialog made me wince.
__label__2 folding cane: Like the ease of use and folding. The carry case is a joke. It is not that easy to place the cane in the case. I do wish it came with a wrist strap attached. The design/color is attractive. Would recommend.
__label__2 Mystery entwined with history - a suspenseful, humerous teen time travel adventure: Mary Cunningham's novel, Cynthia's Attic: The Missing Locket, tells the story of two twelve-year-old girls, Cynthia and Gus, best friends, who embark on a startling supernatural adventure as a magical trunk in Cynthia's attic propels them fifty years into the past where they encounter their grandmothers when they were twelve year old best friends.Core values of family, friendship, loyalty and love pervade this rapid fire page turning tale as Cynthia and Gus struggle to unravel dark mysteries entwining their family's present and past.The tension is parlayed with humor creating a perfect mix to enthrall both teen and adult readers alike.I am an adult reader and writer who loved this book and am now enthusiastically sharing it with my daughters, ages fifteen and eleven.I look forward to reading more by this exceptional author, Mary Cunningham.Mitch Lits, author of A Little of Your Time and Dream Travelers.
__label__2 So much better: This product is far and away the most durable cover. It is plenty long enough and fits great. It has great anchoring so the wind doesn't come underneath it and blow away. Worth the money, definitely.
__label__2 Motorola FR60: This is a decent 2 way radio.Pros:Works wellGood sound qualitySturdy (dropped mine several times and they still work great)They will last (had mine for probably over 5 years)Cons:On the bulky sideA bit expensiveShorter rangeBottom line:I was at Target today and saw Motorola's radio, don't remember what it is but it has a 4 mile range, is tiny, and was only $17.99. I would go with something more along those lines. The FR60 is a good radio, but you can get better for cheaper.
__label__2 very good itam: Usually i wanted to have item. so nearly i bought it in the amazon.finally reactor stove system delived to me and today i use to heat water in the M.T.very very good. i'm saticefied of msr.Recommend item for people to love M.T or to enjoy varity life.
__label__1 functional: Few chips and scratches in wood. Did not want to return because I needed it immediately. Will cover flaws with stain.
__label__2 They're not from England!: Just to clear something up that was mentioned by another review, the Tender Idols are not from England. They are from Atlanta, Georgia.Anyway, that's not really the issue. The Tenders Idols have been around for a while (check out the haggered face of the guitarist - he looks like John Lennon after Yoko had sucked the life out of him) and Distressor is their third album. It's also their best, possibly because they have themselves a fairly new - and extremely talented - bassist in Joe Jones.Distressor is a mix of everything associated with Brit pop with a little punk and heavy rock thrown in for good measure. It's nothing very innovative or particularly new, but it's a very well produced album that is the kind of CD I like to listen to when I write. They're a solid band who deserve to start getting some recognition soon.
__label__1 Garage Beat: I did not think any of this collection was worth the listen. Disappointed as have heard some gems from that era but this copy did not have any for my taste.
__label__2 Baby's buddy: My daughter loves to stare at her pooh toy. I put this on the changing table and she just looks and looks at it while I am changing her. I take it with me in the car and set it where she can see it. Boy it attracts her attention. She is still too little to hold it, but I am sure that once she is grasping things, this will be one of the first toys she holds.
__label__2 Taunt Rawks!!: Now Seriously Folks, the new CD from veteran punk band Taunt, contains some really good punk music. My Favorite songs are sXe, Help Me Begin and Emotions Inside. Their latest cd shows the development of a mature Taunt. If you like punk, you should definitely have this one in your collection. It is worth the money.
__label__2 lavek@aol.com: I really needed this cd. A bad week at work, struggles on every side, our first baby arriving in 3 weeks. Needless to say, I had a lot on my mind. The people at (...) might have wondered what I was listening to while I fought back both tears and shouts of joy. The Lord used this CD to lift me up. It helped me to put things back into perspective.
__label__1 Is Aleister Crowley boring? Is that possible?: It's a shame that this book is so tedious, because the author knows his subject. I read Lawrence Sutin's biography of PK Dick and I was impressed, so I had high hopes for this one. But there's no structure to the story, no plot. Sutin moves from one moment of Crowley's life to the next, never making it clear if he's describing a high point, a low point, a turning point, etc. Halfway through, I promised myself I'd finish the book, sure that as Crowley's life reached the end, Sutin would bring things to a climax. But he didn't. Sutin knows the facts but didn't present them in a compelling way.
__label__1 Beginner romance: While Wolf has written other novels that I have enjoyed, this one felt like Introduction to Historical Romance 101. The characters were not in the least complicated, nor was the story line. The language and style felt as if it were intended for a very YOUNG female audience...Nell would be interesting to a sixteen to twenty-one year old reader, but not to one with more mature sensibilities. Even the vocabulary felt simplified. This does not make this a bad book, merely one that I could not recommend to anyone with any understanding of the period, or who wanted a more fully developed love story. It might be a good book to use to introduce your daughter or granddaughter to Historical Romance novels (but I'd prefer something there with more life to it and better characters). The sex scenes are tepid, the characters are one-dimensional, and there is a lot of internal prayer and moralising, if you like that sort of thing.
__label__2 Adventure and Thoughts: Great book. Who says we have to travel to far away places for adventure? Tim Palmer had what for most of us would be a lifetime of adventures on this 9 month journey. At the same time the people he introduces us to and the observations he shares about all that he sees will make any reader think harder about our place on and responsibilities to this world.
__label__2 CUTE MOVIE: DORIS DAY AND GIG YOUNG WERE VERY GOOD IN THIS MOVIE. SO WAS CLARK GABLE BUT I THOUGHT HE WAS A BIT OLD FOR THE PART.a VERY ENJOYABLE MOVIE.
__label__2 gable does comedy!: this movie is a delight! doris day and clark gable are very funny together. he is a hard boiled newspaper man and she is a journalism teacher. together they teach each other about newspapers and love. gig young is very amusing in a supporting role. doris sings too. check this one out. you won't be disappointed. happy movie watching. aloha haleiwa jon
__label__2 Flash back in Time: I enjoyed reading this book it took me back in the day when values, virtues and raging hormones were on a balancing scale (ha-ha)I found it wholesome,funny,and heartwarming, this generation could look back in time and realize the complexities of a teenager are still the same. I would like to see this made into a movie on the BIG SCREEN!!!!
__label__2 a gift for a die hard fan: he wears it to work, and he gets alot of attention so i guess it was worth buying . grear price !!!
__label__1 not for beginners: This product looks terrific, with a lot of games, interesting features,etc.,but very soon you will be dissappointed as the program returns you to the same place again and again. You can do nothing about this. The seller's help is also useless.After 2-3 weeks of training I had to quit the program.
__label__1 JHIADB: What a creep. The author is a homewrecker, liar, and hypocrite. People who bought his book should get a refund and apology.
__label__2 revvmjones: The book was great but condition was the worst I have seen. Many pages ,upon opening the book, just fail out. So how I continued to manage reading the pages that fail out first.
__label__2 great relaxation CD!: Both my 4 and 6 year old both love this CD at bedtime! So sweet to hear the 4yo doing the deep breathing and telling her toes to "go to sleep". Works like a charm b/c they're usually fast asleep 1/2 way through, and it works on me too! Sometimes we just play the soft music on repeat.
__label__2 Great Read: I absolutely loved this book. I couldn't put it down. I haven't been able to say that since the Shopaholic series! This book had great insight to trials of the modern family. I laughed, I cried, I was inspired. I highly recommend this book. As I see other reviewers think her other books is better, I will be reading it as soon as I get my hands on it.
__label__2 A story of life.: I enjoyed Jennifer Weiner's first book `Good in Bed' but I loved `In her shoes'. This is the story of three women, Rose a lawyer who is more focus on her studies then her looks, Maggie her younger sister who is gorgeous but everything she touches becomes a disaster and Ella the estranged grandmother who can link the past to the future. I can't wait for the movie!
__label__1 Disapointing: How can the author of Good in Bed produce such drivel? I am sorely disapointed with the sophmore release! Nothing grabbed me here, the characters are one dimensional, the plot nearly non- existant, and just generally boring. I did not feel any sympathy for any of these characters nor did I care what happened to them.If you want to read a good Weiner book, read Good in Bed again!
__label__2 Hard to Put Down: Jennifer Weiner has yet again writting another book that's hard to put down. You can't seem to help but figure out what will happen next to the two main characters, Rose and Maggie.If you are reading these reviews and trust what people are saying, pick up this book, whether you are to buy it or borrow it from a library, and you'll end up devouring it. I started just this morning, and I've finished. Not once did I have to force myself to pick up this book, because it has been in my hands nonstop.
__label__2 In Her Shoes: Well, I'm actually reading this book right now, because it was recommended in this magazine I read. I'm reading it in hebrew, but by browsing in the author's website, I can see it's translated in her style, and really well - might I add.I really like the book, especially the parts with Ella. I'd defenatly recomend In Her Shoes.
__label__2 Steve Earle in 2000: Tracks included on Steve Earle's live from Austin, TX in 2000 are as follows: 1. Transcendental Blues, 2. Everyone's In Love With You, 3. Another Town, 4. Taneytown, 5. Hard-Core Troubadour, 6. Someday, 7. Telephone Road, 8. The Devil's Right Hand, 9. More Than I Can Do, 10. I Can Wait, 11. Goodbye, 12. Steve's Last Ramble, 13. Copperhead Road, 14. The Unrepentant, and 15. Christmas In Washington. This 2000 concert presents a striking contrast from Steve Earl's performance in 1986 at the same venue during his "clean cut" days. Steve has grown tremendously over the years as both a singer and a song writer. Damn... Steve on mandolin on Copperhead Road is priceless. Love Copperhead Road! This is a must have DVD for Steve Earle fans, and if you happen to have his 1986 performance you will come close to having complete concert footage spanning most of his career. The sound quality and video are satisfactory.
__label__2 Helps Maintain Existing Strength: I've been going to the gym for about 5 years pretty consistently now. I try to get there at least 3 times a week, but during the busy holiday months that doesn't always happen. I normally use muscle milk, but decided to give this a try after seeing it. While I didn't really notice too much increase of energy nor gains while using this, I was able to keep my muscle mass and the amount of weight I am pushing at the gym consistent even when only going once or twice a month so I think it works pretty well. So maybe if you use this every day and lift almost every day you would see better gains, but I really just wanted to maintain and it helped me with that so I would use it again.
__label__2 Just the best: We shopped around on the internet and decided to go with the T-Fal Fit 'N Clean for these reasons: it has an upper and lower heating element, variable temp control, and you can put the whole unit in the dishwasher. We've found it to be everything we wanted in an indoor grill. Clean-up couldn't be easier. We love it!
__label__1 Immature, unlikeable main character.: I was excited to read this book because the title indicated that it could be a compelling book. Instead, it was so boiler plate that I knew from almost the outset who was responsible and it was a chore to have to read through it just to find out what I already knew. Also, the characters were just dull or in the case of Meagan, annoying. The entire plot of her involvement in questioning a suspect was unbelievable. Actually, the entire book could have been a high school writing project.
__label__1 Somewhat disappointed: After reading the great reviews, I was really looking forward to this book. But I was disappointed. The author's prose was excellent, and the story well conceived. But the only compelling character happens to be the victim, Dr. Diana Duprey, whose story is told through flashbacks. She is a multi-layered and very interesting character. Her husband Frank is bland, and her daughter Megan is a spoiled brat. I wanted to reach out and choke her halfway through the book. The "romance," if you can call it that, between Megan and the detective seemed unnecessary and not believable. I also saw the ending coming a mile away. I kept waiting for a twist at the end, but it didn't come.
__label__1 Somewhat Helpful but Disappointing: One of the best things about the book was it mentioning to do the NCAA 101. Unfortunately, you cannot do that in the game! Having the information available about the schools (over half of the book) and their favorite plays was helpful. So was the descriptions of the plays. However, the play images did not include player movement, which is crucial -- there is no excuse to "save space" for such crucial information -- one of the big reasons for such books is to be able to carry it and not have to have the game in front of you. The instructions and strategy are good, but not great. Helpful but disappointing.
__label__1 If you are easily betrayed ...: Anyone who might believe that the men who don Mickey (or Minnie) outfits and dance around the World of Disney are all ex-college heterosexual football jocks, might also be shocked (and entertained) by this wasted "journalism." Corporate America is seldom what it seems, and Disney is a corporation.
__label__2 If you like rice cakes, these are a great choice: Let's face it, there are 2 types of people in this world: those who like rice cakes & those who don't. I like these because they are vegan, not too salty, & crunchy (although they do make crumbs quite easily). So much easier to buy these in bulk. Popcorn flavor is light, but it does have more flavor than the plain ones.
__label__2 Zippo Lighter Fluid: Zippo fluid burns much cleaner than most others, so its far easier to keep my lighter clean. Of course there is a bit of odor to the fluid, but I personally like it (yeah yeah.. don't say it). I've seen some of these cans leak at the cap when tilted, but mine doesn't. Its simple enough to grab and pour fluid into a Zippo, even being the large 12oz can.I'm not saying anything that others already haven't, so I'll end with this. If you want your Zippo to stay reasonably clean, not stink horribly, and burn consistently... get the Zippo brand. Other brands will work, just not as well.
__label__1 It seems to require a small tool to pop open the spout: It should let me open without any tools. Plus, there are no instructions for opening. The fuel works, of course.
__label__2 Good fuel: This is official brand zippo fuel, which I guess is a good thing. I've been told by zippo enthusiasts that you can use different fuels in your zippo, but this will always be popular because it has the zippo logo on it. The fuel itself smells exactly like lighter fluid that you put on your grill and comes in a metal canister.*NOTE* When I first got this, I pried the nozzle up and it flung zippo fluid in my EYE. Be careful when opening the container. Also, it comes out very fast and if you're not careful will leak onto things.
__label__2 Zippo Refill: Bought with Zippo hand warmers, which was nice because it came with a cap to fill. Came unopened and as described, on time.
__label__1 Bad sets. Egyptians garbed like Catholics: What happens on the stage has none of the fun you look for. A bare-breasted woman hauling in a snake?Some Egyptian priests have on lace-fringed surpluses, looking like Catholic priests. Altar boys in the background. Women wearing crosses nestled in their cleavages?The director really screwed this one up. Listen to CDs, and use your imagination.
__label__1 Not so hot: Great features, not so hot. Food comes out as is if it was steamed. Trays are with in a few months already loosing there non sick coating.
__label__1 Not the quality you expect: Be sure to listen to a few previews before purchasing this album. My guess is that these recordings are very early versions of the original songs.
__label__2 Brilliant!: Many other reviewers have probably covered the plot and characters, so I won't waste space by reiterating it here. I just want to say how wonderfully interesting this book was: I wasn't able to put it down.I didn't loathe any characters (strange for me) and had fallen in love with several of them by the end of the story. This book will not waste your time like so many others do: you will go back and reread it over and over again, just as I have.
__label__1 Am I missing something?: After reading all the glowing reviews for this game, I cannot believe how incredibly dull and tedious it was. I gave up in the middle of the third case. The only reason I got that far was that I assumed I was missing something, that surely it must get better. I did not find this game to be challenging at all, it's a matter of reading through page after page of text, clicking on everything in a room to get all the evidence, and presenting everything you've got in court. I see no comparison between this and games where you actually have to solve puzzles, like Myst or the Nancy Drew games.
__label__2 Nontraditional, but entertaining.: This is, simply put, not a game for everyone. This isn't a 'shoot em up', or action adventure. You play the role of, duh, Phoenix Wright, a young attorney just starting out. You gather evidence, follow the leads, and question witnesses on the stand, trapping them in their own lies.If you're the type who loves looking for all the details, twisted wordplay, and loves a good puzzle, this is your game. If all you're looking for is mindless violence, feel free to pass.
__label__1 Poor Film Making at Its Finest: Bloody awful. Character actions lack motivation, logic, or explanation. Acting is brilliantly mediocre. Dialogue, what little there is between flashbacks and dream sequences, lacks punch and believability. Plot--if it can be called that--is tedious. Scenes drag on and on. It's pretty much a given that gay cinema sucks; this film does nothing to dispel that notion. I thought the directors' other film, "Shank," was dreadful, but this...wow...even worse.
__label__2 Hey, thanks!: What a way to start the day. My students are having a ball listening to the songs from Dr. Jean.
__label__2 Great Book, A Must Buy For CFers: This book will prepare you for the exam! Thursday: 4/5/01, I started reading from page one. Saturday: 4/7/01, I was on the last page! That's how smooth it is written.Ben Forta emphasized that it is not a cheat-sheet, but instead it helps with all the fundamentals of CF. I highly recommend this book for those that have some experience on their hands but need the extra assurance to pass the exam.Today: 4/10/01, I took and pass the Certified ColdFusion Developer exam! I wouldn't say the book was the reason I pass, but it sure built a lot of fundamental skills and confident in me to pass.If you feel like you might pass the exam this book will make you feel even better about your skills.Xman
__label__1 Sorry, this item is not worth the purchase price!: Unraveling The Inner Game To Slightly Used Cars Sales Success OnlineI purchased this about 3 months ago but didn't get around to listening until today. The CD has nothing to do with the used car business; it is a recording of a telephone interview which discusses motivational techniques for all business. The title is less than honest but is only slightly justified by the instruction to go to a certain website for more about the used car business, but that information is kindergarten level stuff which can be obtained free on most any online search engine. If you need motivation buy good motivational books available most anywhere and if you need help in used car sales this will not help you.
__label__2 A Wonderful book for the Diana Collector: This is a wonderful picture book for the collector of Princess Diana memorabilia. The tribute from author William Holden was touching, with various tidbits regarding his relationship with the Princess. There was a nice mixing of color photos from her private and also her public life. The pictures in this book seem to bring out the laughter and charming spirit that was the Princess Diana.
__label__1 Looks better than it works: Not a bad idea: two hemispheres grab enough mix to form a meatball.Problem: if the meatball mixture is really good (like from Cooks' Illustrated) the mix is sticky--and the two halves don't let go. Even with timely dipping in water or whatever.We found a medium ice cream/cookie scoop (e.g.,OXO Good Grips Medium Cookie Scoop) works better. The rotating bail inside the scoop forces the meatball out--even if the mix is sticky.
__label__2 The best Playstation Game ever made.: This Game is challenging, yet not too hard to play, so I didnt find myself banging my head against the floor in anguish, trying to finish it. It was long, yet entertaining...every minute. It is the ONLY Game is the 5 years of playing games (computer & Playstation) that I will play again. As a horror fan, I loved Fatal Frame and Silent Hill and fancied Resident Evil...But now this game tops every game Ive ever played. Scary...exciting...Interesting. Controls were cool too. In the past I had a hard time with Resident evil controls; eventually catching on. I look forward to Resident evil 5, and I heard it is only going to be released on x-box 360. I may be wrong...but if it is, Im buying an x-box 360!
__label__2 Greatest of All Time: I actually bought this game soon as it came out for PS2 for 50 dollars. I kept puting off playing it so one day I finally sat down to play it. Wow, this game blew me away!! The graphics are the best i have seen and the Pro Logic sound makes it come alive on any surround sound system. A great purchase for me and hopefully any PS2 owner.
__label__2 the prequal to resident evil nemesis: I just started this game and it is a lil' so to get started and a little difficult to get going and the zombie's are kinda tuff to kill cause they can throw there AX's and they have dinomites. I have yet to see the first boss which is a big fish with a big mouth. this game is slow to get started but i will see how good it is at the end.
__label__2 Quick service: I damaged my S60 and needed a replacement. This fit the bill perfectly, both in cost and quick service. No problems with the camera.
__label__1 There are better books...: I thought this would be cute for my toddler because he loves books and we're starting to get into potty training. The quality of the board book isn't great and the content is even worse. There are definitely better books out there for children, but I thought I'd give it a try because the price was right. I won't bother returning it, but I wouldn't recommend it.
__label__2 Really cute: The little ernie is so cute and my daughter loves telling him not to use 'too much toliet paper'. Good strong board book as well which is what every kid in this age group needs.
__label__1 Too Short and not visual enough!: It's not worth your money. Poorly written. Looks that sales of it rely on the known character Erni. Good marketing.
__label__1 Potty Book for 2-1/2 year old son: I bought this book for my son to read while potty training, he enjoys it but it is extremely vague in the actual process of what goes into the potty training process. For example it skips from Ernie got a new potty to when Ernie "has to go" he sits on the potty and "goes". I pretty much don't even read the words but rather am descriptive for my son, I will read it "when Ernie has to pee-pee or poopie". I would not recommend this as a real learning experience for your child, but as I said my son does enjoy looking at it.
__label__1 Unimpressed: I didn't find this very encouraging. The wording was unimpressive and the only draw was the baby Ernie.
__label__1 flimsy, not informative: First off, the board book pages are thiner than most board books. I have little boys and they're really hard on stuff. We had this book for 2 weeks before the pages got bent in half.Second, I didnt like the fact that ernie used WAY to much toilet paper. The day after we read this book I found my bathroom covered in toilet paper. Yeah the probably would have done that anyway, but the book didnt help the situiation. Not a huge fan of the new Sesame Street.
__label__2 Great hard core punk band: The Gotohells are a great punk band. I first heard them on the cd, "five years on the streets," since then I have been a huge fan. They have so much energy and I would recomend this cd for anyone punk fan.
__label__2 Another Hit by Maxted: I fell in love with Anna Maxted novels after reading Getting Over it, Running in Heels, and Behaving Like Adults.A Tale of Two Sisters is a novel about two Jewish sisters Lizbet and Cassie growing up in London and dealing problems related to trying to get pregnant.The main plot of this book is about about pregnancy,adoption, the people you will always love, and those you fall out of love with.I started this book on a Saturday morning and didn't put it down until that night, a definite read!
__label__1 a lot of noise, but not much music: Slow going, this movie hardly managed to keep my attention. It plays a lot like a made-for-TV film. And yet, the movie contains a great monologue by its main character about what heaven and hell are and how it's the summation in our brain's reactions to our entire lives that determines the way we spend our eternity.
__label__2 SPECIAL: NOW, NOW, NOW! In this age of hi-tech and instant gratification it is not proper to restore [retouch] everything to pristine quality [imagine tampering with the Mona Lisa because it looks too drab!]. Sure this DVD has flaws [the horrid Anglo dubbing should go - keep the original French and give us subtitles]. However, this is pure nostalgia, the flavor and essence of Piaf and her amours [the breathtaking Marcel, cut in his prime] - then Theo.Marlene Dietrich, Josephine Baker, Jean Marais, Cocteau, Romy Schneider, Alain Delon, Jean Paul Belmondo, etc. we get glimpses of the not so distant past - this is a perfect mood piece, instead of an 'in your face' documentary.A must have for the serious collector.
__label__1 For devoted fans only: This DVD should be viewed by devoted fans only and preferably French speaking fans at that. The picture quality is extremely poor, the appearances of Piaf are cobbled together and the sound is atrocius. It's dedinitely not one for the average viewer!
__label__1 Big dissappointment: Essentially, the problem for me was that the dubbing was done so obtrusively and so poorly that it becomes painfully embarrassing to watch this DVD in English (which is the only option.)Subtitles would have done the trick nicely, enabling us to hear the people onscreen yet understand them. When Piaf talks, her voice is immediately paved over by the voice of non-actor reading a translation of Piaf's words.Beyond that, it seemed a bit ragtag as a documentary -- some interesting details, but it all feels rather like an inexpensively made TV special that makes do with whatever odds and ends are most readily available.
__label__1 Cybershoot DSCS90: I've been a Sony fan as long as I remember, but this product is the worst Sony ever made.Picture qulity is bad, it won't take a high capacity memory stick, it's big and heavy.I'm looking for a diffrent camara now and this one is going to be my little girl toy.
__label__1 Stay far far far away from SONY!!!: Ok, so we got this camera about 3 years ago and paid $150-ish. We take pictures once maybe twice a year (and NO more than a 100 total so far). Well I needed it for a school project tomorrow and guess what... it's dead! It will let me look at the pictures I took three months ago, but nothing else... it instantly shuts right back off.Better yet, after an hour of internet research, apparently several people have had this problem... so I dug out my old SONY camera. It took two good pictures and then the picture/video card fried! It literally started trembling in my hand.I'm done with Sony... last month our two year old Sony DVD player died too. This used to be the best quality company around, now they've obviously turned to crap.
__label__2 Great Condtioner!: This combined with the Moisture Maniac is a great solution to my thin hair. The dry winter weather and heat and sun in the summer just ruin my hair, so I need a daily shampoo and conditioner that actually keeps my hair healthy. I am really happy with this stuff, however Bed Head exaggerates it's products (humorous marketing tactic?), so this is not the ultimate cure for dry hair. I still use a clarifying shampoo and deep hydrating mask twice/week, but this is an excellent in between solution!
__label__2 Good Mystry with value: Good read, along with personal values and dedication...I so enjoyed the mystery and about reaading something that is not the usual time, place and characters..
__label__2 Good beginning to a great series: Joe Pickett isn't your average hero. He's a game warden trainee who becomes involved in a murder when a local outfitter's body appears in his woodpile. The plot concerning greedy business interests versus a thought-to-be-extinct mammal in Wyoming's beautiful wilderness is familiar, but the characterizations are great. Joe is a courageous yet flawed hero; his wife, Marybeth, is loving yet headstrong. What happens to the characters in this novel is reflected in their emotional growth over the next books in the series and often has devastating consequences. A great read.
__label__2 Good First book: Even though you could tell this was a first of a series with a little disjointed story to start, it quickly picked up and was a very fun read. It kept my interest through out and the end threw some great twist. I recomend this and have already bought the next two in the series.
__label__2 Pretty good first book!: Started off a little slow for me but once it picked up I couldn't put it down. I am purchasing book number two tonight!
__label__1 Skip this one, even if you like the VSI series: This book is neither very short nor a proper introduction. In this case, the title is totally misleading.With respect to length, the book drones on and on, and took me a surprisingly long time to finish considering the modest number of pages.With respect to being an introduction, the author seems more interested in showing his expertise rather than guiding those new to the subject. He spends a lot of time on esoterica, while failing to clearly present the basics of linguistics.For a truly good introduction, I suggest "Teach Yourself Linguistics" by Aitchison, which is well organized, concise, and covers all of the basics. Also check out the excellent audio/video linguistics courses offered by "The Teaching Company."
__label__2 still going strong: I liked this season as much as the two earlier ones. It is fun to watch the new twists on the Merlin legend.The only weak episode (for me that is) is the goblin episode. But again it is unrealistic to expect all episodes to be perfect.
__label__1 Terrible Quality Control: I ordered Season 3. The discs came scratched up. One wouldn't read properly. I got another one sent. Same thing. Discs scratched up worse than the first on some of them. One disc won't read properly. The worst scratched disc in both sets is disc 5, although 3 was scratched in both sets as was 4. Either the manufacturer is messing up or the case they're in is messing up the discs.The same thing happened with Merlin Season 2. I had to order twice because the first set was scratched. The second one was ok. So out of 4 ordered, only 1 set was non-scratched.I like the show. But these DVD sets are junk. I'd only buy the next ones locally so I could keep returning it until I get a good set.
__label__1 Disappointed: Although shipping on this item was very fast, my little one was very disappointed when the product didn't work. Sadly, we are sending it back.
__label__1 material quality not provided: I purchased two of of the bollard single hook bath room accessories and expected a full quality product. The basic unit meet my expectations with non rusting materials and a chrome finish. However the set screws provided were simple carbon steel. If used, these set screws would soon rust and the product and the tile floor would be stained. I had to purchase stainless steel set screws to assemble and install the units.
__label__1 Buyer Beware: I bought the individual volumes 1 & 2. Combined, they have the exact same run time as the Complete Series set according to Amazon. However, the episode "Imprint" is not included in either volume. I wrote to Starz/Anchor Bay and they claim it IS on the big set. What a ripoff! It's bad enough they said they'd never release the full season in order to sucker people into buying the original individual releases. Now they pull this nonsense.
__label__1 Slow: If you are upgrading and your file size is large, I would buy something else. It takes forever to print. I talked to tech support and they know there is a problem and are trying to fix it. This is not acceptable. The 2006 version has a different database than the prior versions, and it has made the file much larger and for some much slower. I had to buy a new version because I use their payroll services and my 2003 is being fazed out April 30. I have just now bought the 2005 an Ebay. After printing the audit trail, I was able to record all my transactions while in the 2006 version onto my restored 2003 version and then upgraded to 2005. I know this seems like alot of work, but the 2006 was that bad for me.
__label__1 Buy a hot dog for a $1 and pay $1.25 every year for the bun: Quickbooks may be an excellent small business software package, but I will never know. The ads and discription imply it has a payroll program included in it. Surprise - not only can you not run payroll, the cost of the single payroll module is more than the A/R, A/P, G/L,Inventory, reports,and tracking package you just paid for. But wait - you have the privledge of paying EVERY YEAR. I was going to switch from Peachtree but at least in PT you can (it is very obtuse and cumbersome)make the tax changes manually. PS. 1 copy of Quickbooks will be on ebay soon.
__label__1 Sign me up for the class action 'sunset clause' lawsuit! when it comes: Imagine you buy a new GM car but after 3 years onstar sends a signal to your onboard computer to self destruct! oh sure you can still sit in your car and smell it and look at it and listen to the radio but you sure can't drive it! Thats the sunset 'policy' intuit enforces! after 3 years you cant use your software for any *real* productivity. No one does this, even with windows you can still use windows 95 or 3.1 and still have the full functionality you paid for. But to take away functions paid in full (not on lease or rent mind you) that is total 100% theft!!!!!!!!!!!!I am ashamed I choose to talk myself into upgrading for other reasons, namely 2003 required many more keystrokes on the register than the simple quicken I used before 2003. so 2006 finally got me back to the ease of quicken usage despite the fact that 2006 would not register until after talking to Hashish in India for an hour!!!
__label__2 Love the changes: I did not belive it could get more user friendlyIf you have a small business it is the only accounting for you
__label__1 In the year 2006 I should not to hack registry hives: In the year 2006 it is INSANE that we as IT pros still have to hack registry hives to get this software to run as a limited privilege account to better secure our computers.QuickBooks Community - Running QuickBooks 2005 as a Restricted User (Admin Rights FIX):[...]When will quickbooks begin to code in a secure manner? Peachtree does. Microsoft Small Business Accounting does.Why does Intuit require updates every few years and acts like we are still all running Windows 98 machines?Security is important these days. How about stepping up to the plate Intuit and getting with the other vendors?
__label__1 Cleaner two: 2 1/2Too flimsily short for its own good, some of these sonic subtleties do contain interlocking textures of interest.
__label__2 Tears of Joy: I can not remember how I found this book online but I am glad I did. I highly recommend this book for anyone who may have a million and one questions about their own faith. It gives you a new perspective and WANTING to pray to God at night because you know he hears you.There are so many good stories that I want to highlight but I would not give them the justice it deserves, so all I want to say today is to please purchase this book. I am so glad God creates different types of people, with different types of stories because it brings us all closer together.
__label__1 Won't lay flat: Kept bowing out from the garage door no matter how tight I tried to keep it flush. Finally took it down and installed a more study product.
__label__2 Good Advice: Bought this for my sister as a gift upon starting Med school. She found it enjoyable and said it helped to have a little different perspective along the way.
__label__2 just like in Costa Rica: I loved drinking coffee in Costa Rica and it is fun to be able to have it in the house.
__label__2 Ty Beanie Babies Blue Lizzard: My son was very happy with this product. It was just as it appeared, good quality etc.
__label__2 Ms. Neggers does it again!: I am a fairly recent reader of Carla Neggers' work. When I first picked up one of her books, I quickly found as many of her past works as possible in my favorite used book store. Once read; I had to wait anxiously for her next book. I wasn't disappointed in her latest, Dark Sky. It was an exciting, nail biting adventure. Although I was able to figure out who the "bad guy" was fairly early on; it was still a great book to get lost in! I would definitely recommend this book to anyone who enjoys a good romantic suspense.
__label__1 JLO GETTING TO OLD-O?: I am so sorry, but she has no talent! Its her Butt who gets the glameur! She is too old! A girl on TV even called her a HOE! But that's not my idea, she is just to OLD AND NOT TALENTED!
__label__1 Pretty disappointing.: I've been a long time fan of -ziq. I don't know about anyone else, but take a quick hit from Lunatic Harness/Brace Yourself, and then put this on. There is no comparison. Much of this cd just seems like the regular "its crazy electronic music/madness style" filler. No substance, little originality at this point.
__label__1 not the original or the real the mopeds or mopes: Well, once again proving that fine musicianship does not a great rock band make... these scandinavian mopeds have layed down more slick and clever tracks to the dismay of us crazy real raw rock and roll lovers. Just compare these poppy new wave-ish tracks to the bruteish intelligence of the "real" mopeds also known as the mopes. An electric duo from the east coast usa broke up in 1987, blasted crazy punk rotten psychedelic grooves and ironic bombast. You can checkout a new site dedicated to their memory for free mp3's( www.themopes.com ) and compare for yourself. The old dive bar heroes or these newer well meaning popsters?
__label__1 Oww! My ears!: I believe this is the worst CD I've ever heard. Paul wrote some great songs, and I even like a half-dozen or so of his singles, from the 50's to the 70's. But what record company exec, in his right mind, could green-light this awful album?The 18-49 crowd will find it absolutely laughable, and Paul's core audience (50's and up) will just scratch their heads and say, "What the....?"There are two laugh-out-loud songs on this CD. Trust me, I played it for several people, and the reaction was unanimous. "Mr. Brightside" and "Against the Wind." Did Bob Seger actually okay this? What is he smoking these days?Again, can't figure out A) who would buy this, and B) who could possibly find it good.A friend gave it to me as a "gag." And I just about did.Paul, thanks for your good work back in the day. But please, stop the madness. Your reputation is at stake.
__label__1 Out takes from "Rock Swings": This was a very disappointing follow up to Rock Swings. Rock Swings was an amazing record with an unexpected selection of tunes, and nearly every one of them meticulously treated to a terrific swing interpretation. I was hoping for another helping, but alas my strong suspicion is that this album is the tracks that didn't make it on Rock Swings. The only one that could have made it that first album is the first track "Time After Time," and after that it all goes tragically down hill.
__label__1 Come on Paul. You are a Legend. You can do better.: I am a huge fan of Paul Anka and he surely has created some of the best songs of the last century. HOWEVER this album is soo boring. It could put me to sleep were it not so pretentious. Anka's got the voice and the songs could have been well covered, but the jazzy style he gives to songs such as Against the WInd or Ordinary World is just intolerable.Sorry Mr. Anka. Better luck next time.
__label__1 Piece of Junk: The product arrived damaged, not from shipping damage, but from packing at the factory. Too damaged to use. Dealer said they didn't want it back. It's a good thing, because it was replaced by a unit that wouldn't run. I took the fan unit (which wan't damaged) out of the damaged unit and put it in the second unit and it runs, but only at a low fan speed. Anything higher causes too much vibration noise. Also, both units we received were poorly finished, with the base being several shades lighter than the cover, which matches the picture on the box. It looks like they only gave the bottom one coat of stain. Thanks to the dealer who refunded our money. My email with complaints directly to the manufacturer got no response.
__label__1 Had some problems: We had this humidifier for 21 days before it quit working. Before that it worked great, the humidity in our home was more comfortable. However, Amazon made it no problem and sent us a new one in about 4 days. We'll see how this one last. Amazon was great in dealing with them.
__label__1 Essick Humidifier - Poor Quality: As several other reviewers discovered, this product (Essick Air 696-400 humidifier) is lacking in quality. The cabinet is flimsy, the unit is noisy, and the wick is a disaster! Poor engineering from the word GO.The variable speed control causes the motor to hum loudly when used at lower speeds. This hum is amplified by the thin, light-weight, plastic cabinet. When the motor is turned up to higher speeds the fan creates an unacceptable level of noise.The first time I cleaned the wick, following the directions in the owners care & use manual, the paper element began collapsing and would have completely fallen out had I not caught it in time.I seriously regret spending so much money on such an inferior product!
__label__2 Funny-looking Substitute for the Real Thing: This is a fun-loving item for those that miss having the real bird where they might be residing at the present time(e.g.- vacationing for a long time)!
__label__1 Very noisy, at least the unit I received: I guess there must be something wrong with the unit I received, since pretty much everyone else gave this a good review.For me this box had an extremely high noise floor. Actually, it created the same hiss even when I turned Drive and Gain all the way down. So I sent it back.I am one of very few people who report this problem about the TubePre, which is why I suspect that there might be a small number of defective boxes out there.Too bad, it looked good on paper, I liked the VU display and had been looking forward to experimenting with different tubes.I ordered the VTB-1 instead, I hope that is going to work for me.
__label__2 Great Product (but arduous to clean): We bought this product, as part of our Dr. Weil '8 Weeks to Optimum Health' regimen. And, we really love it. During the winter, when the bedroom gets so dry, the humidifier really does the trick. And, it may be in our heads, but the air really does seem to be cleaner than in the rest of the house.This product has great air quality ratings (HEPA, etc.) relative to other products in its price range, and was easy to set up, etc.Our only gripe is that it is a bit of a pain to clean. You need to take it all apart, etc. However, this may be the case with all of these products, and thus, may just be par for the course.We recommend this product whole-heartedly.
__label__2 Lightly Scented and so gentle: My Tibetan Terrier is sixteen and she has allergies, including respiratory ones. She is also allergic to oatmeal in shampoos; none in this one. I have to bathe her frequently to remove pollen and dust. The scent is light and doesn't make her sneeze or cough, and it doesn't irritate her eyes. It would be better if it had no scent, but I am very happy with this product.
__label__2 Great workout - production not so great: I am really enjoying this DVD, but very disappointed in the music production. There are too many empty gaps of no music at all while working out. You have to keep walking while waiting for someone to start the music up again. I find this really frustrating. Leslie's wonderful personality makes up for the lack of good production.
__label__2 It's fun and works great: I'm 63 and love to walk but with the Montana winters I am limited. This DVD is even better than walking so come spring, I'll do both. I have already lost inches in the first month, although I have yet to lose weight. But I feel better and my backaches are less every day. In fact, I feel the difference when I don't do at least 1 mile in the morning before work.
__label__2 deadman wonderland: i love it because it is a really good anime. I got it for my friend for christmas. she really love it to.
__label__2 Great set and cover art but is not uncensored!: The product is great I enjoy watching this one. It is a little paranormal/science fiction/horror/fantasy/action/drama/romance/suspense. I love my dead man wonderland set. But it is not uncensored not completely. The introduction is not uncut and there are scenes that are not fully uncut. I should know I have seen some of the uncut episodes online. Overall 4 stars.
__label__2 Nice book - Gets to the point fast. .. like the PDA section: This book explain the how-tos very clearly. I specially like the section on PDAs.Overall I found the book very useful.
__label__2 Ginger Drink: a real discovery!: I tasted the Ginger Drink in the form of tea on a recent trip to visit a son and daughter-in-law in Ljubljana. It seemed very restorative and I was pleased to order some from the website he furnished and get it so quickly. If I happened to have an upset stomach or a cold, it would be even better. Very bracing!
__label__2 A true treasure with a colorful look: Not only is this bear huggable, kissable and pretty; it is also a true treasure. Unique in its own way, with a different array of colors for each individual bear. Great for kids who are allergic to loose fur found on most plush toys. This bear has a material so soft, so smooth and has a great clean feeling. It is also a true collectible.
__label__1 nother piece of junk: really disappointed by this product..to actually get the spray you have to really ramp up pressure so the plants are wiped out by the pressure..stupid set up..could a part be missing?
__label__1 Great Camera, but storage isn't: Great camera. Great pictures. But -- the storage is terrible! A floppy disk can hold only so many images... AND it'll hold only ONE megapixel image. There are better soloutions out there. CompactFlash cards can hold 64MB of images, at the least. Iomega Clik! for Digital Cameras drives can hold 40MB of imagery. And, floppy disks are expensive. I highly reccomend this for novices, but for serious photographers, stay away!
__label__2 Friendly, easy to use and convenient camera: If you are looking for a convenient, smart and easy to use camara. This is it, while resolution is not as good as other camaras, if you need it for web applications its good enough. One very good feature, at least for me, is its great macro capability and manual focus. You can take objects as close as 1 cm. You can also control the exposure level which for close distance shots is a very usefull feature. But the best feature for me is the fact that it stores in floppy disks. This is a convenient storage media and while the storage capacity is not big, they are so cheap you can buy as many as you need. Overall I'm very happy with it, I strongly recommend it.
__label__1 sony service sucks: the camera itself has excellent features , the pictures are fair in conparison with other cameras priced hundreds less (olympus d-450 zoom and others) but the best feature is easy downloads that can be e-mailed directly out.
__label__1 Much too light in color: Lovely bracelet if you like a clear look with a hint of color. The picture presented is clearly showing a light color of aquamarie. The bracelet received looks clear.
__label__2 Fascinating: I would have to recommend this movie to people who enjoy atypical yet thought-provoking movies. It is different and not for people not willing to think outside the box. This is a movie about friendship, love, loss, sadness, and the general simplicities in life that are usually over looked. This movie was definitely sad and also made me happy. I enjoyed the many meaningful messages presented throughout the movie. There are many great quotes and provides a different view of how life can be perceived and how life is changing. At most, I would say this movie provides a wonderful message about friendship. A genuine friendship that is rare today. You can do many fancy things to prove you are "best friends," but does your friendship provide you a sense of hope and inspiration? "You are my best friend. You are my only friend." One person can make a difference in a persons life, as Mary and Max had did for one another.
__label__2 great deal: This is my second projector and first Viewsonic. It is small, compact, and delivers a great picture. Very pleased with my projector, much better than getting a wide screen tv.
__label__1 Does not perform as stated and implied, and will smoke you out rather than leave you smokeless!: This item was an exciting idea, but it stopped there. After receiving 2 of these items, both were tried and very little, if any smoke made it to the filter, even when holding a cigarette within an 1/8 of an inch from the intake. Usage of this item even as only a simple ashtray is not possible as the holders are so small that any cigarette of normal size does not fit.The item is made of what is clearly the cheapest materials and it shows in the workmanship. The plastic housing, wiring, battery cap and filter are reminiscent of that cheap 1 or 2 dollar toy car with lights one finds and discount stores.The practical application of this "smokeless" ashtray will leave you smoked out, and frustrated, with only a waste of your time and money.
__label__1 Seems that they have 2 mango varieties: A few months ago a friend turned me on to a bag of the Mariani Phillipine Mango & I had been hooked! I was excited when I saw that Amazon sold it in bulk, when the order arrived & I opened a bag, I was so disappointed. The variety Amazon carries is the "Mariani Thailand Mango" and the one I went crazy for was the "Mariani Phillipine Mango" there was a HUGE difference in taste & texture. Now I'll have to see who wants the 11 unopened bags I have :( At least I can buy the ones I like at my local Jewel Food Store.
__label__1 Awful, blanched, tasteless and hard.: I can't believe they actually sent this to me labeled as food...I am presently researching a means of returning this product.